# Transcript: I Spent $31,141 & 1,000 Hours On Claude Code To Learn This

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45K3zHckCnQ
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 25:57 · Words: 18781
Other available languages: a-bn (bn) [auto], a-nl-NL (nl-NL) [auto], a-fr-FR (fr-FR) [auto], a-de-DE (de-DE) [auto], a-iw (iw) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-ja (ja) [auto], a-ko (ko) [auto], a-ml (ml) [auto], a-pl (pl) [auto], a-pt-BR (pt-BR) [auto], a-pa (pa) [auto], a-ru (ru) [auto], a-es-US (es-US) [auto], a-ta (ta) [auto], a-te (te) [auto], a-uk (uk) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/45K3zHckCnQ.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=45K3zHckCnQ

## Transcript
[0:02] I've spent over $30,000 on Claude Code I've spent over $30,000 on Claude Code over just the last few months. These are over just the last few months. These are over just the last few months. These are my real invoices. Feel free to take a my real invoices. Feel free to take a my real invoices. Feel free to take a look. I've also spent over 1,000 hours look. I've also spent over 1,000 hours look. I've also spent over 1,000 hours on models like Opus 5.5, Astra, and so on models like Opus 5.5, Astra, and so on models like Opus 5.5, Astra, and so on. And in this video, I want to give on. And in this video, I want to give on. And in this video, I want to give you guys everything that I wish I knew you guys everything that I wish I knew you guys everything that I wish I knew when I started. Okay, these are not when I started. Okay, these are not when I started. Okay, these are not going to be the simplest of hacks, but going to be the simplest of hacks, but going to be the simplest of hacks, but in order to really squeeze the in order to really squeeze the in order to really squeeze the proverbial wet towel of Claude Code, you proverbial wet towel of Claude Code, you proverbial wet towel of Claude Code, you do need to get into the nitty-gritty. Uh do need to get into the nitty-gritty. Uh do need to get into the nitty-gritty. Uh that said, I've arranged it from that said, I've arranged it from that said, I've arranged it from simplest to most complex so that simplest to most complex so that simplest to most complex so that regardless of where you are in the skill regardless of where you are in the skill regardless of where you are in the skill hierarchy, you guys can get some value. hierarchy, you guys can get some value. hierarchy, you guys can get some value. And let's start with the first, which is And let's start with the first, which is And let's start with the first, which is not to trust the first output. Now, I

[0:33] not to trust the first output. Now, I not to trust the first output. Now, I currently work with a multi-billion currently work with a multi-billion currently work with a multi-billion dollar business that I think is quite dollar business that I think is quite dollar business that I think is quite guilty of trusting the quality of the guilty of trusting the quality of the guilty of trusting the quality of the first output, and it's led to some major first output, and it's led to some major first output, and it's led to some major headaches down the skill chain. I'll headaches down the skill chain. I'll headaches down the skill chain. I'll talk a little bit about that later, but talk a little bit about that later, but talk a little bit about that later, but to start with, an unfortunate thing that to start with, an unfortunate thing that to start with, an unfortunate thing that most people don't realize about Claude most people don't realize about Claude most people don't realize about Claude and other large language models is they and other large language models is they and other large language models is they are not deterministic systems. To really are not deterministic systems. To really are not deterministic systems. To really unpack that, what I mean is if you give unpack that, what I mean is if you give unpack that, what I mean is if you give it the same prompt multiple times, every it the same prompt multiple times, every it the same prompt multiple times, every time it will give you a different time it will give you a different time it will give you a different result. And sometimes these different result. And sometimes these different result. And sometimes these different results might be a little bit different,

[1:04] results might be a little bit different, results might be a little bit different, and other times they'll be completely and other times they'll be completely and other times they'll be completely different, not at all even close to the different, not at all even close to the different, not at all even close to the same thing. And so, let's say you guys same thing. And so, let's say you guys same thing. And so, let's say you guys are coming up with a sick prompt to, I are coming up with a sick prompt to, I are coming up with a sick prompt to, I don't know, generate scripts for a don't know, generate scripts for a don't know, generate scripts for a YouTube video or something crazy like YouTube video or something crazy like YouTube video or something crazy like that, huh? Well, uh maybe the first time that, huh? Well, uh maybe the first time that, huh? Well, uh maybe the first time you pass a prompt in, it does a really you pass a prompt in, it does a really you pass a prompt in, it does a really good job. Is that enough for you to take good job. Is that enough for you to take good job. Is that enough for you to take that prompt and then save it in your that prompt and then save it in your that prompt and then save it in your business SOPs and actually standardize business SOPs and actually standardize business SOPs and actually standardize your whole company with that? No, you your whole company with that? No, you your whole company with that? No, you can't trust the first output. The reason can't trust the first output. The reason can't trust the first output. The reason why is if you were to run that same why is if you were to run that same why is if you were to run that same output, let's just say six times, the

[1:35] output, let's just say six times, the output, let's just say six times, the first time you ran it, you'd go, "Oh my first time you ran it, you'd go, "Oh my first time you ran it, you'd go, "Oh my god, this is awesome." But the second god, this is awesome." But the second god, this is awesome." But the second time, you might very well say, "This is time, you might very well say, "This is time, you might very well say, "This is absolute crap. This sucks." Maybe the absolute crap. This sucks." Maybe the absolute crap. This sucks." Maybe the third time it's okay, but the fourth and third time it's okay, but the fourth and third time it's okay, but the fourth and fifth times you go, "What the hell's fifth times you go, "What the hell's fifth times you go, "What the hell's going on here, Claude? Did you fall down going on here, Claude? Did you fall down going on here, Claude? Did you fall down some stairs?" before finally the sixth some stairs?" before finally the sixth some stairs?" before finally the sixth time, you know, reels you back. time, you know, reels you back. time, you know, reels you back. What ends up happening with prompts is, What ends up happening with prompts is, What ends up happening with prompts is, because there's minor deviations because there's minor deviations because there's minor deviations essentially in the statistical nature of essentially in the statistical nature of essentially in the statistical nature of models. Um the first time that you run models. Um the first time that you run models. Um the first time that you run it, you might end up in a maximum, which it, you might end up in a maximum, which it, you might end up in a maximum, which is a high-quality situation.

[2:05] is a high-quality situation. is a high-quality situation. But the second, third, or fourth times But the second, third, or fourth times But the second, third, or fourth times you run it, you might end up in a you run it, you might end up in a you run it, you might end up in a minimum, which is a low-quality, minimum, which is a low-quality, minimum, which is a low-quality, low-value output situation. And so your low-value output situation. And so your low-value output situation. And so your job as a prompt engineer, really your job as a prompt engineer, really your job as a prompt engineer, really your only job as somebody building systems only job as somebody building systems only job as somebody building systems maybe for yourself or for other maybe for yourself or for other maybe for yourself or for other companies with Claude and other models, companies with Claude and other models, companies with Claude and other models, is just to minimize the peaks and the is just to minimize the peaks and the is just to minimize the peaks and the troughs of, you know, your own usage. To troughs of, you know, your own usage. To troughs of, you know, your own usage. To basically standardize it so that you basically standardize it so that you basically standardize it so that you know what you're getting every time you know what you're getting every time you know what you're getting every time you ask it for something. Okay, so the way ask it for something. Okay, so the way ask it for something. Okay, so the way you do that is you run a set of prompt you do that is you run a set of prompt you do that is you run a set of prompt evaluations over and over and over again

[2:35] evaluations over and over and over again evaluations over and over and over again anytime you're looking to build anytime you're looking to build anytime you're looking to build something into a workflow. Now, these something into a workflow. Now, these something into a workflow. Now, these are technically termed evals, okay? So, are technically termed evals, okay? So, are technically termed evals, okay? So, if you've never heard of this term if you've never heard of this term if you've never heard of this term before, you'll see this a lot in large before, you'll see this a lot in large before, you'll see this a lot in large language model engineering, and evals language model engineering, and evals language model engineering, and evals are an important thing to understand are an important thing to understand are an important thing to understand when trying to progressively improve when trying to progressively improve when trying to progressively improve systems. It's not enough just to run it systems. It's not enough just to run it systems. It's not enough just to run it once, be like that's good, and then um once, be like that's good, and then um once, be like that's good, and then um put that to bed. We need to do is you put that to bed. We need to do is you put that to bed. We need to do is you need to run it 10 times, count the need to run it 10 times, count the need to run it 10 times, count the number of times out of 10 that it number of times out of 10 that it number of times out of 10 that it actually worked. If it's seven out of actually worked. If it's seven out of actually worked. If it's seven out of 10, then it's seven out of 10. And then, 10, then it's seven out of 10. And then, 10, then it's seven out of 10. And then, when you make an adjustment to the when you make an adjustment to the when you make an adjustment to the prompt, count the number of times that

[3:05] prompt, count the number of times that prompt, count the number of times that that worked. Compare that to the former that worked. Compare that to the former that worked. Compare that to the former run, and if your new run is better, run, and if your new run is better, run, and if your new run is better, let's say it scores eight out of 10 let's say it scores eight out of 10 let's say it scores eight out of 10 instead of seven out of 10, then keep instead of seven out of 10, then keep instead of seven out of 10, then keep that new run. This is at the core a that new run. This is at the core a that new run. This is at the core a statistical research process. Every time statistical research process. Every time statistical research process. Every time you do this, you're basically a you do this, you're basically a you do this, you're basically a scientist. The second thing I want to scientist. The second thing I want to scientist. The second thing I want to talk about is giving Claude and other talk about is giving Claude and other talk about is giving Claude and other models a way to check their own work. models a way to check their own work. models a way to check their own work. What I mean by this is, let's say you What I mean by this is, let's say you What I mean by this is, let's say you give it a task like, "Hey Claude, can give it a task like, "Hey Claude, can give it a task like, "Hey Claude, can you, I don't know, write me an essay on you, I don't know, write me an essay on you, I don't know, write me an essay on X, Y, and Z?" X, Y, and Z?" X, Y, and Z?" You know, a lot of the time Claude will You know, a lot of the time Claude will You know, a lot of the time Claude will do this. But let's say you didn't roll do this. But let's say you didn't roll do this. But let's say you didn't roll the lucky dice this time because you

[3:36] the lucky dice this time because you the lucky dice this time because you didn't have a good set of evals and your didn't have a good set of evals and your didn't have a good set of evals and your prompt is sort of all over the place. prompt is sort of all over the place. prompt is sort of all over the place. You know, the quality might be pretty You know, the quality might be pretty You know, the quality might be pretty poor. And so the way I like to think poor. And so the way I like to think poor. And so the way I like to think about this is uh first drafts. You know, about this is uh first drafts. You know, about this is uh first drafts. You know, if you guys have ever written an essay, if you guys have ever written an essay, if you guys have ever written an essay, you've probably gone through a process you've probably gone through a process you've probably gone through a process like school recommends you do, where you like school recommends you do, where you like school recommends you do, where you write a first draft, a second draft, you write a first draft, a second draft, you write a first draft, a second draft, you know, maybe a final draft, and then know, maybe a final draft, and then know, maybe a final draft, and then finally your actual finished revised finally your actual finished revised finally your actual finished revised paper. Well, when you only have Claude paper. Well, when you only have Claude paper. Well, when you only have Claude give it to you one time on only one give it to you one time on only one give it to you one time on only one attempt, it's not surprising the quality attempt, it's not surprising the quality attempt, it's not surprising the quality is going to be low because it's just is going to be low because it's just is going to be low because it's just like you've only ever had a first draft like you've only ever had a first draft like you've only ever had a first draft of a paper, right? Same thing, your of a paper, right? Same thing, your of a paper, right? Same thing, your first draft usually sucks balls, pardon

[4:06] first draft usually sucks balls, pardon first draft usually sucks balls, pardon my French. So, what you need to do is my French. So, what you need to do is my French. So, what you need to do is you need to give it away to check and you need to give it away to check and you need to give it away to check and then fix its own work before attempting then fix its own work before attempting then fix its own work before attempting it all over again. And so, what tends to it all over again. And so, what tends to it all over again. And so, what tends to happen is the more that you do this, the happen is the more that you do this, the happen is the more that you do this, the more the quality at the end of the day more the quality at the end of the day more the quality at the end of the day is going to go up. And even if you have is going to go up. And even if you have is going to go up. And even if you have a relatively poorly specified set of a relatively poorly specified set of a relatively poorly specified set of evals, a lot of the time simply giving evals, a lot of the time simply giving evals, a lot of the time simply giving it a revision loop, say through some it a revision loop, say through some it a revision loop, say through some sort of screenshot, some sort of example sort of screenshot, some sort of example sort of screenshot, some sort of example comparison, or maybe some sort of like comparison, or maybe some sort of like comparison, or maybe some sort of like standardized test, let's say it's a standardized test, let's say it's a standardized test, let's say it's a website, giving it a lighthouse page website, giving it a lighthouse page website, giving it a lighthouse page speed insights test, can usually speed insights test, can usually speed insights test, can usually significantly improve the quality since

[4:36] significantly improve the quality since significantly improve the quality since it now has something to actually compare it now has something to actually compare it now has something to actually compare to. The third thing I want to talk about to. The third thing I want to talk about to. The third thing I want to talk about is how to let the code be the context. is how to let the code be the context. is how to let the code be the context. So, I see this a lot and it's a So, I see this a lot and it's a So, I see this a lot and it's a byproduct of skills, which were, you byproduct of skills, which were, you byproduct of skills, which were, you know, the sort of naive way of know, the sort of naive way of know, the sort of naive way of operationalizing and standardizing tasks operationalizing and standardizing tasks operationalizing and standardizing tasks that Anthropic launched a couple of that Anthropic launched a couple of that Anthropic launched a couple of years ago and the rest of the world years ago and the rest of the world years ago and the rest of the world basically hopped on in exchange. But basically hopped on in exchange. But basically hopped on in exchange. But skills really are not the best way of skills really are not the best way of skills really are not the best way of doing things anymore. And the reason why doing things anymore. And the reason why doing things anymore. And the reason why is because, you know, let's say you're is because, you know, let's say you're is because, you know, let's say you're developing some sort of scale or some developing some sort of scale or some developing some sort of scale or some sort of app. Typically the way that, you

[5:06] sort of app. Typically the way that, you sort of app. Typically the way that, you know, a model or a Claude code in this know, a model or a Claude code in this know, a model or a Claude code in this case will work on the app is it'll work case will work on the app is it'll work case will work on the app is it'll work on both the code, but it'll also work on on both the code, but it'll also work on on both the code, but it'll also work on a bunch of supplementary things the same a bunch of supplementary things the same a bunch of supplementary things the same time. So, let's say it's working on, you time. So, let's say it's working on, you time. So, let's say it's working on, you know, some sort of code to, I don't know, some sort of code to, I don't know, some sort of code to, I don't know, generate thumbnails or something know, generate thumbnails or something know, generate thumbnails or something like that. like that. like that. As you go up in version number, as you As you go up in version number, as you As you go up in version number, as you go from V1 to V2 to V3 to V4, go from V1 to V2 to V3 to V4, go from V1 to V2 to V3 to V4, the code will have been updated, but the code will have been updated, but the code will have been updated, but often times these, you know, notes, often times these, you know, notes, often times these, you know, notes, let's say, will still be on V1 the spec, let's say, will still be on V1 the spec, let's say, will still be on V1 the spec, and and the log might also say V1. And and and the log might also say V1. And and and the log might also say V1. And as a result of that, essentially there as a result of that, essentially there as a result of that, essentially there is

[5:36] is is a difference between the source of truth a difference between the source of truth a difference between the source of truth and then the context that Claude and and then the context that Claude and and then the context that Claude and other models use to manage the source of other models use to manage the source of other models use to manage the source of truth. As a result, the two sources truth. As a result, the two sources truth. As a result, the two sources drift apart. A much more effective way drift apart. A much more effective way drift apart. A much more effective way of doing this now is actually just of doing this now is actually just of doing this now is actually just inlining all of your code directly into inlining all of your code directly into inlining all of your code directly into the app. And so, you could actually, for the app. And so, you could actually, for the app. And so, you could actually, for instance, scroll down to the description instance, scroll down to the description instance, scroll down to the description of this video, copy and paste the of this video, copy and paste the of this video, copy and paste the transcript, maybe specifically the part transcript, maybe specifically the part transcript, maybe specifically the part that I'm talking about now, and give it that I'm talking about now, and give it that I'm talking about now, and give it that to Claude. And I think you guys that to Claude. And I think you guys that to Claude. And I think you guys will find in any sort of will find in any sort of will find in any sort of programming-related task or programming-related task or programming-related task or skiller-related task, just bearing skiller-related task, just bearing skiller-related task, just bearing things directly into the script will things directly into the script will things directly into the script will significantly improve your evals, which significantly improve your evals, which significantly improve your evals, which is ultimately what we're doing all this

[6:06] is ultimately what we're doing all this is ultimately what we're doing all this for, right? And so, in this case, now for, right? And so, in this case, now for, right? And so, in this case, now when we say, "Hey, can you add a logout when we say, "Hey, can you add a logout when we say, "Hey, can you add a logout button to the navbar?" Now, instead of button to the navbar?" Now, instead of button to the navbar?" Now, instead of having to read through the notes, the having to read through the notes, the having to read through the notes, the spec, and the log, it'll actually just spec, and the log, it'll actually just spec, and the log, it'll actually just be able to go through your uh you know, be able to go through your uh you know, be able to go through your uh you know, code directly, see the inline comments, code directly, see the inline comments, code directly, see the inline comments, and so on and so forth. It sort of has and so on and so forth. It sort of has and so on and so forth. It sort of has to read that every time it does work, to read that every time it does work, to read that every time it does work, and the quality will be far better. I've and the quality will be far better. I've and the quality will be far better. I've tested this across multi-billion-dollar tested this across multi-billion-dollar tested this across multi-billion-dollar businesses and others, and this is the businesses and others, and this is the businesses and others, and this is the way to do things. Obviously, the main way to do things. Obviously, the main way to do things. Obviously, the main exception here is your Claude.md, where exception here is your Claude.md, where exception here is your Claude.md, where you store things like how you want it to you store things like how you want it to you store things like how you want it to work, so preferences, lessons, work, so preferences, lessons, work, so preferences, lessons, transcripts from Nick Survive YouTube transcripts from Nick Survive YouTube transcripts from Nick Survive YouTube videos, but this doesn't actually

[6:36] videos, but this doesn't actually videos, but this doesn't actually fundamentally change what the code does. fundamentally change what the code does. fundamentally change what the code does. Next major thing I want to talk about is Next major thing I want to talk about is Next major thing I want to talk about is letting Claude write your prompt. A lot letting Claude write your prompt. A lot letting Claude write your prompt. A lot of people are already out with their of people are already out with their of people are already out with their pitchforks for this one, but back in the pitchforks for this one, but back in the pitchforks for this one, but back in the good old days, we used to be the best good old days, we used to be the best good old days, we used to be the best prompt engineers. I prided my myself on prompt engineers. I prided my myself on prompt engineers. I prided my myself on my prompt engineering skills, and so on my prompt engineering skills, and so on my prompt engineering skills, and so on and so forth. Um the unfortunate reality and so forth. Um the unfortunate reality and so forth. Um the unfortunate reality is AI is better than us at it now. Uh is AI is better than us at it now. Uh is AI is better than us at it now. Uh it's better at us at it than us now it's better at us at it than us now it's better at us at it than us now because that's just one of the things because that's just one of the things because that's just one of the things that Anthropic has baked into Claude, that Anthropic has baked into Claude, that Anthropic has baked into Claude, its ability to communicate with other its ability to communicate with other its ability to communicate with other teammates, aka prompt other teammates. teammates, aka prompt other teammates. teammates, aka prompt other teammates. And so, rather than say to Claude, "Hey And so, rather than say to Claude, "Hey And so, rather than say to Claude, "Hey Claude, I want X for Y audience. Do it

[7:06] Claude, I want X for Y audience. Do it Claude, I want X for Y audience. Do it in this way and that way and this way in this way and that way and this way in this way and that way and this way and that way and that way, and you have and that way and that way, and you have and that way and that way, and you have all the info you need. Go ahead." all the info you need. Go ahead." all the info you need. Go ahead." Actually, just say, "Hey, I want X thing Actually, just say, "Hey, I want X thing Actually, just say, "Hey, I want X thing for Y audience. I'd like you to help me for Y audience. I'd like you to help me for Y audience. I'd like you to help me write a prompt." After that, Claude will write a prompt." After that, Claude will write a prompt." After that, Claude will now ask some questions to you, like, now ask some questions to you, like, now ask some questions to you, like, "Who's it for?" You'll say, "Founders." "Who's it for?" You'll say, "Founders." "Who's it for?" You'll say, "Founders." "What does great actually look like?" "What does great actually look like?" "What does great actually look like?" And you'll give it a one-page example. And you'll give it a one-page example. And you'll give it a one-page example. "Do you have any examples?" Then "Do you have any examples?" Then "Do you have any examples?" Then actually, you know, it'll give it. Um actually, you know, it'll give it. Um actually, you know, it'll give it. Um when you do uh prompting like this, this when you do uh prompting like this, this when you do uh prompting like this, this sort of meta-prompting, you actually end sort of meta-prompting, you actually end sort of meta-prompting, you actually end up with significantly better outcomes up with significantly better outcomes up with significantly better outcomes because Claude is just far highly because Claude is just far highly because Claude is just far highly effective at doing this sort of thing. effective at doing this sort of thing. effective at doing this sort of thing. It's just been trained or baked into the

[7:37] It's just been trained or baked into the It's just been trained or baked into the way that that Claude knows AI agents and way that that Claude knows AI agents and way that that Claude knows AI agents and other models tend to learn. And so, you other models tend to learn. And so, you other models tend to learn. And so, you know, you're still initiating the know, you're still initiating the know, you're still initiating the action, but Claude is now one level of action, but Claude is now one level of action, but Claude is now one level of abstraction up, at least compared to abstraction up, at least compared to abstraction up, at least compared to where it was a couple of years ago. Um where it was a couple of years ago. Um where it was a couple of years ago. Um the prompts themselves aren't even that the prompts themselves aren't even that the prompts themselves aren't even that important. It's just knowing how to important. It's just knowing how to important. It's just knowing how to prompt Claude to have it prompt itself. prompt Claude to have it prompt itself. prompt Claude to have it prompt itself. Now, this is a super quick and simple Now, this is a super quick and simple Now, this is a super quick and simple ask, you know, it's something that you ask, you know, it's something that you ask, you know, it's something that you do on a daily basis, and you understand do on a daily basis, and you understand do on a daily basis, and you understand the procedure. Obviously, you can skip the procedure. Obviously, you can skip the procedure. Obviously, you can skip that and just, you know, say, "Claude, I that and just, you know, say, "Claude, I that and just, you know, say, "Claude, I want you to go to this website in this want you to go to this website in this want you to go to this website in this way and give me this piece of way and give me this piece of way and give me this piece of information." That's fine. But for information." That's fine. But for information." That's fine. But for anything that's larger in scope, many uh anything that's larger in scope, many uh anything that's larger in scope, many uh projects that might be consuming large

[8:07] projects that might be consuming large projects that might be consuming large token budgets, doing it this way will token budgets, doing it this way will token budgets, doing it this way will achieve far better outcomes than achieve far better outcomes than achieve far better outcomes than anything else. The fifth thing I want to anything else. The fifth thing I want to anything else. The fifth thing I want to talk about is to really deeply watch talk about is to really deeply watch talk about is to really deeply watch what is eating your context window. what is eating your context window. what is eating your context window. Um in case you guys didn't know, the way Um in case you guys didn't know, the way Um in case you guys didn't know, the way that context works is you can actually that context works is you can actually that context works is you can actually type {slash} context into any chat with type {slash} context into any chat with type {slash} context into any chat with Claude models in order to see this. Um Claude models in order to see this. Um Claude models in order to see this. Um your context window, aka the total your context window, aka the total your context window, aka the total amount of context Claude can fit in its amount of context Claude can fit in its amount of context Claude can fit in its head while working on your work, is head while working on your work, is head while working on your work, is already typically taken up quite already typically taken up quite already typically taken up quite significantly by default things that is significantly by default things that is significantly by default things that is system-provided literally out of the box

[8:37] system-provided literally out of the box system-provided literally out of the box before you even type a word. So, for before you even type a word. So, for before you even type a word. So, for instance, um in green here is the system instance, um in green here is the system instance, um in green here is the system prompt. That might be your Claude.md. prompt. That might be your Claude.md. prompt. That might be your Claude.md. The purple here might be your built-in The purple here might be your built-in The purple here might be your built-in tools. The orange here might be MCP tools. The orange here might be MCP tools. The orange here might be MCP connectors. Next might be memories. And connectors. Next might be memories. And connectors. Next might be memories. And finally, here in green might be your finally, here in green might be your finally, here in green might be your skills. What that means realistically skills. What that means realistically skills. What that means realistically is, I don't know, I'm kind kind of is, I don't know, I'm kind kind of is, I don't know, I'm kind kind of eyeballing this, but about 30% of the eyeballing this, but about 30% of the eyeballing this, but about 30% of the context is already taken up before I say context is already taken up before I say context is already taken up before I say anything. Now, when, you know, you end anything. Now, when, you know, you end anything. Now, when, you know, you end up filling in a chat with a bunch of up filling in a chat with a bunch of up filling in a chat with a bunch of random queries and a bunch of random random queries and a bunch of random random queries and a bunch of random asks, obviously, the longer that context asks, obviously, the longer that context asks, obviously, the longer that context window goes on, the more pricey every

[9:07] window goes on, the more pricey every window goes on, the more pricey every request will be, but also the dumber the request will be, but also the dumber the request will be, but also the dumber the model itself becomes due to context rot model itself becomes due to context rot model itself becomes due to context rot and a bunch of other just unavoidable and a bunch of other just unavoidable and a bunch of other just unavoidable factors in our work with probabilistic factors in our work with probabilistic factors in our work with probabilistic agents like this. agents like this. agents like this. And so, what you're going to want to do And so, what you're going to want to do And so, what you're going to want to do is, if you are not actively using, you is, if you are not actively using, you is, if you are not actively using, you know, let's say all of your MCPs, you're know, let's say all of your MCPs, you're know, let's say all of your MCPs, you're going to want to turn as many of these going to want to turn as many of these going to want to turn as many of these off as humanly possible. If you're not off as humanly possible. If you're not off as humanly possible. If you're not using, you know, your skills, you're using, you know, your skills, you're using, you know, your skills, you're going to want to cut down as many of going to want to cut down as many of going to want to cut down as many of those as humanly possible. You know, those as humanly possible. You know, those as humanly possible. You know, when you're prompting a model, if you when you're prompting a model, if you when you're prompting a model, if you are nearly full, or if you find the are nearly full, or if you find the are nearly full, or if you find the model maybe not responding the way you model maybe not responding the way you model maybe not responding the way you want to, or if you spend a bunch of time want to, or if you spend a bunch of time want to, or if you spend a bunch of time having the model design a prompt for having the model design a prompt for having the model design a prompt for you, okay, to to feed into itself, don't

[9:38] you, okay, to to feed into itself, don't you, okay, to to feed into itself, don't just keep on prompting it within that just keep on prompting it within that just keep on prompting it within that window. Actually, just copy that prompt window. Actually, just copy that prompt window. Actually, just copy that prompt and then move to a fresh instance, okay, and then move to a fresh instance, okay, and then move to a fresh instance, okay, one that'll be closer to here, and then one that'll be closer to here, and then one that'll be closer to here, and then continue the conversation over there. As continue the conversation over there. As continue the conversation over there. As long as that prompt contains all of the long as that prompt contains all of the long as that prompt contains all of the context and relevance and so on and so context and relevance and so on and so context and relevance and so on and so forth, you should be fine. Another way forth, you should be fine. Another way forth, you should be fine. Another way you can do this is you can use {slash} you can do this is you can use {slash} you can do this is you can use {slash} compact. That's something that's quite compact. That's something that's quite compact. That's something that's quite good nowadays, um although there are good nowadays, um although there are good nowadays, um although there are some issues with how it currently some issues with how it currently some issues with how it currently compacts tool definitions and stuff that compacts tool definitions and stuff that compacts tool definitions and stuff that might be fixed by the time you watch might be fixed by the time you watch might be fixed by the time you watch this video. I'm using {slash} compact this video. I'm using {slash} compact this video. I'm using {slash} compact often is pretty pretty reasonable. I often is pretty pretty reasonable. I often is pretty pretty reasonable. I tend to {slash} compact way earlier than

[10:09] tend to {slash} compact way earlier than tend to {slash} compact way earlier than Claude will auto compact for me uh for Claude will auto compact for me uh for Claude will auto compact for me uh for that reason. Next thing I want to talk that reason. Next thing I want to talk that reason. Next thing I want to talk about is loosening the leash. Now, back about is loosening the leash. Now, back about is loosening the leash. Now, back in the good old days of AI models, God, in the good old days of AI models, God, in the good old days of AI models, God, I sound like an old man here, but back I sound like an old man here, but back I sound like an old man here, but back in like 2020, 2021, 2022, you needed to in like 2020, 2021, 2022, you needed to in like 2020, 2021, 2022, you needed to really tight leash around models. What I really tight leash around models. What I really tight leash around models. What I mean by that is you really had to go mean by that is you really had to go mean by that is you really had to go back and forth to get what you wanted. back and forth to get what you wanted. back and forth to get what you wanted. You really had to to give it all the You really had to to give it all the You really had to to give it all the ways not to do the thing, so that it ways not to do the thing, so that it ways not to do the thing, so that it knew not to do any of those things while knew not to do any of those things while knew not to do any of those things while it did the thing. it did the thing. it did the thing. What you can do now is you can drop the What you can do now is you can drop the What you can do now is you can drop the highly granular step-by-step highly granular step-by-step highly granular step-by-step instructions, and treat Claude more like

[10:40] instructions, and treat Claude more like instructions, and treat Claude more like a contractor than an in-house employee. a contractor than an in-house employee. a contractor than an in-house employee. You know, what I mean by that is if you You know, what I mean by that is if you You know, what I mean by that is if you guys aren't in business, the way you guys aren't in business, the way you guys aren't in business, the way you treat an in-house employee is typically treat an in-house employee is typically treat an in-house employee is typically you'll actually give it the task spec- you'll actually give it the task spec- you'll actually give it the task spec- specifications, and then you'll tell him specifications, and then you'll tell him specifications, and then you'll tell him or her how to do the task as well. And or her how to do the task as well. And or her how to do the task as well. And you know, in that way they'll optimize you know, in that way they'll optimize you know, in that way they'll optimize the processes according to the way that the processes according to the way that the processes according to the way that you lay it out, and then you'll get you lay it out, and then you'll get you lay it out, and then you'll get something pretty cool. The way that you something pretty cool. The way that you something pretty cool. The way that you work with contractors is typically they work with contractors is typically they work with contractors is typically they already have a pre-established set of already have a pre-established set of already have a pre-established set of processes. You know, they've they're a processes. You know, they've they're a processes. You know, they've they're a contractor, they're a freelancer, they contractor, they're a freelancer, they contractor, they're a freelancer, they work for themselves for all they know work for themselves for all they know work for themselves for all they know how to do the thing really well. And so, how to do the thing really well. And so, how to do the thing really well. And so, typically you'll pay them a little bit typically you'll pay them a little bit typically you'll pay them a little bit more money, and then they'll use their

[11:10] more money, and then they'll use their more money, and then they'll use their highly optimized process which they've highly optimized process which they've highly optimized process which they've built over the course of potentially built over the course of potentially built over the course of potentially hundreds or thousands of projects to do hundreds or thousands of projects to do hundreds or thousands of projects to do it way faster and better than maybe your it way faster and better than maybe your it way faster and better than maybe your process could look like. And then maybe process could look like. And then maybe process could look like. And then maybe you'll consult with them and ask them you'll consult with them and ask them you'll consult with them and ask them questions. So, rather than giving it a questions. So, rather than giving it a questions. So, rather than giving it a step-by-step how, okay, treat it like a step-by-step how, okay, treat it like a step-by-step how, okay, treat it like a contractor. Just give it a good contractor. Just give it a good contractor. Just give it a good definition of done. Hey, you know, definition of done. Hey, you know, definition of done. Hey, you know, you're done when this is true, that is you're done when this is true, that is you're done when this is true, that is true, and that is true. Assuming that true, and that is true. Assuming that true, and that is true. Assuming that those are true, you are good to go. If those are true, you are good to go. If those are true, you are good to go. If you have any questions, feel free to you have any questions, feel free to you have any questions, feel free to ask. If you don't know, you know, maybe ask. If you don't know, you know, maybe ask. If you don't know, you know, maybe you can include that in your Claude at you can include that in your Claude at you can include that in your Claude at MD. And also never skip tests or MD. And also never skip tests or MD. And also never skip tests or whatever. So, you don't need this crazy whatever. So, you don't need this crazy whatever. So, you don't need this crazy scar tissue like, you know, stuff or

[11:41] scar tissue like, you know, stuff or scar tissue like, you know, stuff or crazy never know never never statements crazy never know never never statements crazy never know never never statements from older models. Claude now is pretty from older models. Claude now is pretty from older models. Claude now is pretty smart and can infer a lot of what you smart and can infer a lot of what you smart and can infer a lot of what you want as long as you focus on high-level want as long as you focus on high-level want as long as you focus on high-level principles like, "Hey, if you if you principles like, "Hey, if you if you principles like, "Hey, if you if you don't know anything really, just ask me don't know anything really, just ask me don't know anything really, just ask me because this is pretty mission because this is pretty mission because this is pretty mission critical." Then you'll do just fine. critical." Then you'll do just fine. critical." Then you'll do just fine. Next major thing I want to talk about is Next major thing I want to talk about is Next major thing I want to talk about is diagnosing before you start a fix. And diagnosing before you start a fix. And diagnosing before you start a fix. And let's say there's some sort of bug. Um let's say there's some sort of bug. Um let's say there's some sort of bug. Um instead of saying, "Hey, I want you to instead of saying, "Hey, I want you to instead of saying, "Hey, I want you to fix the whole app. It's not working." fix the whole app. It's not working." fix the whole app. It's not working." say, "List all of the problems with this say, "List all of the problems with this say, "List all of the problems with this app." Don't rewrite or do anything yet. app." Don't rewrite or do anything yet. app." Don't rewrite or do anything yet. The reason for that is because if you The reason for that is because if you The reason for that is because if you have it actually do the fix, if the

[12:11] have it actually do the fix, if the have it actually do the fix, if the problems are not problems that you problems are not problems that you problems are not problems that you actually anticipated or not problems actually anticipated or not problems actually anticipated or not problems that you actually want solved, keeping that you actually want solved, keeping that you actually want solved, keeping in mind that Claude has his own in mind that Claude has his own in mind that Claude has his own definition of what a problem is and what definition of what a problem is and what definition of what a problem is and what might be worth solving. You simply might be worth solving. You simply might be worth solving. You simply saying, "It's broken, fix it." might not saying, "It's broken, fix it." might not saying, "It's broken, fix it." might not actually lead to anything. Instead, you actually lead to anything. Instead, you actually lead to anything. Instead, you really need to enumerate the problems really need to enumerate the problems really need to enumerate the problems and then give it the problems that you and then give it the problems that you and then give it the problems that you want it to to solve. So, for instance, want it to to solve. So, for instance, want it to to solve. So, for instance, um it'll then list a bunch of problems um it'll then list a bunch of problems um it'll then list a bunch of problems for you. Maybe four problems here. Vague for you. Maybe four problems here. Vague for you. Maybe four problems here. Vague opening says it twice, too casual and no opening says it twice, too casual and no opening says it twice, too casual and no example. Uh you're like, "No, actually example. Uh you're like, "No, actually example. Uh you're like, "No, actually the casualness is fine. That's not what the casualness is fine. That's not what the casualness is fine. That's not what I wanted to do." So, then you can just I wanted to do." So, then you can just I wanted to do." So, then you can just cross that out. And then what you can do cross that out. And then what you can do cross that out. And then what you can do is you can actually just give it the is you can actually just give it the is you can actually just give it the three things you actually wanted to fix.

[12:42] three things you actually wanted to fix. three things you actually wanted to fix. Um in this case, you are saving in token Um in this case, you are saving in token Um in this case, you are saving in token budget and you're also significantly budget and you're also significantly budget and you're also significantly improving the amount of time that it improving the amount of time that it improving the amount of time that it takes to get to that point. You can takes to get to that point. You can takes to get to that point. You can imagine how if you screwed this up, what imagine how if you screwed this up, what imagine how if you screwed this up, what you would have done is been like, "Hey, you would have done is been like, "Hey, you would have done is been like, "Hey, can you just fix this whole thing?" It can you just fix this whole thing?" It can you just fix this whole thing?" It would have fixed it including the two would have fixed it including the two would have fixed it including the two casual bit and now you would have had to casual bit and now you would have had to casual bit and now you would have had to recasualize this essentially in the next recasualize this essentially in the next recasualize this essentially in the next step, which would have, you know, taken step, which would have, you know, taken step, which would have, you know, taken twice as many steps, twice as much time, twice as many steps, twice as much time, twice as many steps, twice as much time, and twice as many tokens. Next major and twice as many tokens. Next major and twice as many tokens. Next major thing I want to talk about is MCP thing I want to talk about is MCP thing I want to talk about is MCP servers, which stands for a model servers, which stands for a model servers, which stands for a model context protocol. Now, generally context protocol. Now, generally context protocol. Now, generally speaking, the way I work nowadays is speaking, the way I work nowadays is speaking, the way I work nowadays is I'll almost always prototype a system

[13:12] I'll almost always prototype a system I'll almost always prototype a system for myself or for many clients that I for myself or for many clients that I for myself or for many clients that I work with with an MCP connector. And work with with an MCP connector. And work with with an MCP connector. And when I say MCP connector, to be clear, I when I say MCP connector, to be clear, I when I say MCP connector, to be clear, I mean things like plugins, things like mean things like plugins, things like mean things like plugins, things like connectors in both Codex, Claude code, connectors in both Codex, Claude code, connectors in both Codex, Claude code, and their, you know, analogous terms in and their, you know, analogous terms in and their, you know, analogous terms in other apps as well. And so, if it's a other apps as well. And so, if it's a other apps as well. And so, if it's a plug-in or it's a connector, if it's plug-in or it's a connector, if it's plug-in or it's a connector, if it's like an OAuth, most of the time it's like an OAuth, most of the time it's like an OAuth, most of the time it's really this MCP, model context protocol, really this MCP, model context protocol, really this MCP, model context protocol, under the hood, and that's what I'm under the hood, and that's what I'm under the hood, and that's what I'm referring to. And the reason why is referring to. And the reason why is referring to. And the reason why is because it takes you one click to like, because it takes you one click to like, because it takes you one click to like, you know, spin up the MCP, click a you know, spin up the MCP, click a you know, spin up the MCP, click a button, sign in, and then you're done. button, sign in, and then you're done. button, sign in, and then you're done. You can actually move on and verify that

[13:42] You can actually move on and verify that You can actually move on and verify that it works. it works. it works. Once you've verified that it works, Once you've verified that it works, Once you've verified that it works, though, it's suboptimal to scale. And though, it's suboptimal to scale. And though, it's suboptimal to scale. And so, I see a lot of processes in larger so, I see a lot of processes in larger so, I see a lot of processes in larger businesses that I work with that have businesses that I work with that have businesses that I work with that have really jumped in with both feet to try really jumped in with both feet to try really jumped in with both feet to try and implement AI across their whole and implement AI across their whole and implement AI across their whole stack where these common day-to-day stack where these common day-to-day stack where these common day-to-day processes are still done with MCP processes are still done with MCP processes are still done with MCP servers. The reason why MCP is great is servers. The reason why MCP is great is servers. The reason why MCP is great is because it gets you up and running because it gets you up and running because it gets you up and running really quick, but the downside to MCP is really quick, but the downside to MCP is really quick, but the downside to MCP is it's typically very heavy on context, it's typically very heavy on context, it's typically very heavy on context, and it includes a bunch of silly and it includes a bunch of silly and it includes a bunch of silly that you never really wanted in that you never really wanted in that you never really wanted in a tool spec anyway. And so, instead what a tool spec anyway. And so, instead what a tool spec anyway. And so, instead what you do is you turn what you just do did,

[14:13] you do is you turn what you just do did, you do is you turn what you just do did, you know, for economic outcomes once you you know, for economic outcomes once you you know, for economic outcomes once you verified it's possible, into a lean verified it's possible, into a lean verified it's possible, into a lean custom skill. And now you're custom skill. And now you're custom skill. And now you're approaching, you know, a highly more, I approaching, you know, a highly more, I approaching, you know, a highly more, I want to say, uh, nuanced and a highly want to say, uh, nuanced and a highly want to say, uh, nuanced and a highly more filtered list of tool call, more filtered list of tool call, more filtered list of tool call, uh, uh, you know, definitions and to and uh, uh, you know, definitions and to and uh, uh, you know, definitions and to and and the tool spec, and it'll be and the tool spec, and it'll be and the tool spec, and it'll be significantly easier on both contexts, significantly easier on both contexts, significantly easier on both contexts, and it'll also be significantly more and it'll also be significantly more and it'll also be significantly more likely to be correct. likely to be correct. likely to be correct. Another thing that really sucks is every Another thing that really sucks is every Another thing that really sucks is every time you load up Claude code with a time you load up Claude code with a time you load up Claude code with a bunch of MCPs, there's an additional bunch of MCPs, there's an additional bunch of MCPs, there's an additional like few seconds of startup time because like few seconds of startup time because like few seconds of startup time because Claude has to verify the MCPs work, Claude has to verify the MCPs work, Claude has to verify the MCPs work, actually send and receive some signals,

[14:43] actually send and receive some signals, actually send and receive some signals, sort of like housekeeping to make sure sort of like housekeeping to make sure sort of like housekeeping to make sure everything's above board. I absolutely everything's above board. I absolutely everything's above board. I absolutely hate waiting for that, so I'll try and hate waiting for that, so I'll try and hate waiting for that, so I'll try and prune my MCPs and my connectors list in prune my MCPs and my connectors list in prune my MCPs and my connectors list in Claude code's case as much as possible Claude code's case as much as possible Claude code's case as much as possible for spinning things up, and I find this for spinning things up, and I find this for spinning things up, and I find this typically saves me like 3 to 5 seconds typically saves me like 3 to 5 seconds typically saves me like 3 to 5 seconds every time I do. Next thing I want to every time I do. Next thing I want to every time I do. Next thing I want to talk about is how to run scoped tasks in talk about is how to run scoped tasks in talk about is how to run scoped tasks in parallel. So, the way that I personally parallel. So, the way that I personally parallel. So, the way that I personally use Claude is, I no longer just say, use Claude is, I no longer just say, use Claude is, I no longer just say, "Hey Claude, can you do X for me?" "Hey Claude, can you do X for me?" "Hey Claude, can you do X for me?" "Okay, yes, Nick, I did X." "Great. Now, "Okay, yes, Nick, I did X." "Great. Now, "Okay, yes, Nick, I did X." "Great. Now, can you move to Y?" Instead, what I'll can you move to Y?" Instead, what I'll can you move to Y?" Instead, what I'll do is actually highly scope specific do is actually highly scope specific do is actually highly scope specific tasks, and then I'll have Claude manage

[15:13] tasks, and then I'll have Claude manage tasks, and then I'll have Claude manage them all in parallel using sub agents, them all in parallel using sub agents, them all in parallel using sub agents, agent teams, or other offerings. So, agent teams, or other offerings. So, agent teams, or other offerings. So, let's say, you know, you're designing let's say, you know, you're designing let's say, you know, you're designing some cool website, what you can actually some cool website, what you can actually some cool website, what you can actually do is you can have multiple agents work do is you can have multiple agents work do is you can have multiple agents work on multiple parts of the website at the on multiple parts of the website at the on multiple parts of the website at the same time. Uh, Claude typically does same time. Uh, Claude typically does same time. Uh, Claude typically does this natively, but you can also this natively, but you can also this natively, but you can also encourage it by saying things like do encourage it by saying things like do encourage it by saying things like do this in parallel by running mutually this in parallel by running mutually this in parallel by running mutually exclusive scope to tasks. That's a exclusive scope to tasks. That's a exclusive scope to tasks. That's a personal favorite of mine that tends to personal favorite of mine that tends to personal favorite of mine that tends to significantly speed up development. The significantly speed up development. The significantly speed up development. The reason why is because now let's say reason why is because now let's say reason why is because now let's say there's a bug with the logout. Let's say there's a bug with the logout. Let's say there's a bug with the logout. Let's say there is some improvement to the hero there is some improvement to the hero there is some improvement to the hero section you you want to make and let's section you you want to make and let's section you you want to make and let's say there's some alteration of the

[15:44] say there's some alteration of the say there's some alteration of the feedback form you want to do. Rather feedback form you want to do. Rather feedback form you want to do. Rather than waiting for Claude to do all of than waiting for Claude to do all of than waiting for Claude to do all of these sort of in sequence, what you can these sort of in sequence, what you can these sort of in sequence, what you can do is you can actually have all three of do is you can actually have all three of do is you can actually have all three of these done simultaneously and then you these done simultaneously and then you these done simultaneously and then you can just have a merge step that merges can just have a merge step that merges can just have a merge step that merges all of them. Okay, so basically instead all of them. Okay, so basically instead all of them. Okay, so basically instead of it looking like and bear with my of it looking like and bear with my of it looking like and bear with my drawing here, instead of it looking like drawing here, instead of it looking like drawing here, instead of it looking like hey Claude do this. Okay, Nick for sure. hey Claude do this. Okay, Nick for sure. hey Claude do this. Okay, Nick for sure. I'm done this. What should I do next? I'm done this. What should I do next? I'm done this. What should I do next? Hey Claude, do this. Okay, Nick. I'm Hey Claude, do this. Okay, Nick. I'm Hey Claude, do this. Okay, Nick. I'm done with that for sure. What should I done with that for sure. What should I done with that for sure. What should I do next? Hey Claude, do this. Instead of do next? Hey Claude, do this. Instead of do next? Hey Claude, do this. Instead of these three steps, what we're doing now these three steps, what we're doing now these three steps, what we're doing now is it's more akin to this. We're is it's more akin to this. We're is it's more akin to this. We're actually saying hey Claude, I actually actually saying hey Claude, I actually actually saying hey Claude, I actually want you to do all of these things up

[16:15] want you to do all of these things up want you to do all of these things up ahead. You know, I want you to fix the ahead. You know, I want you to fix the ahead. You know, I want you to fix the hero section, the feedback form, the hero section, the feedback form, the hero section, the feedback form, the logout button, some other thing. And logout button, some other thing. And logout button, some other thing. And then over here, all we're going to do is then over here, all we're going to do is then over here, all we're going to do is merge. Okay, so this is you know, sort merge. Okay, so this is you know, sort merge. Okay, so this is you know, sort of like your initial instruction. This of like your initial instruction. This of like your initial instruction. This over here is the all the the big list of over here is the all the the big list of over here is the all the the big list of scope tasks that you want to do. And scope tasks that you want to do. And scope tasks that you want to do. And then this over here is going to be a a then this over here is going to be a a then this over here is going to be a a merge step which is really simple. Now merge step which is really simple. Now merge step which is really simple. Now the key part of this is obviously when the key part of this is obviously when the key part of this is obviously when you do the task, you need to make sure you do the task, you need to make sure you do the task, you need to make sure that you're not having multiple agents that you're not having multiple agents that you're not having multiple agents work on the same thing. Claude will do work on the same thing. Claude will do work on the same thing. Claude will do this by itself. You typically don't need this by itself. You typically don't need this by itself. You typically don't need to worry too much about that, but you to worry too much about that, but you to worry too much about that, but you know, what you're doing here is you're know, what you're doing here is you're know, what you're doing here is you're saving a little bit of time at the saving a little bit of time at the saving a little bit of time at the expense of obviously a slightly higher

[16:45] expense of obviously a slightly higher expense of obviously a slightly higher error rate and I like doing that because error rate and I like doing that because error rate and I like doing that because I think you need to move fast and insert I think you need to move fast and insert I think you need to move fast and insert current year here. Next up, always start current year here. Next up, always start current year here. Next up, always start fresh with a handoff note. What I mean fresh with a handoff note. What I mean fresh with a handoff note. What I mean by this is in a very long session, by this is in a very long session, by this is in a very long session, obviously you have context rot like we obviously you have context rot like we obviously you have context rot like we talked about earlier. The more back and talked about earlier. The more back and talked about earlier. The more back and forth you have, the more silly things forth you have, the more silly things forth you have, the more silly things enter Claude's mind. I'm simply as a enter Claude's mind. I'm simply as a enter Claude's mind. I'm simply as a byproduct of, you know, your human byproduct of, you know, your human byproduct of, you know, your human prompting skills. You will say hey, prompting skills. You will say hey, prompting skills. You will say hey, don't do X, but then three or four chats don't do X, but then three or four chats don't do X, but then three or four chats later you'll say, yeah, I want it to be later you'll say, yeah, I want it to be later you'll say, yeah, I want it to be kind of like X and it'll think, well, he kind of like X and it'll think, well, he kind of like X and it'll think, well, he said don't do X, but he also said kind said don't do X, but he also said kind said don't do X, but he also said kind of like X. I guess I'll kind of go in of like X. I guess I'll kind of go in of like X. I guess I'll kind of go in the middle and then and then you suck,

[17:15] the middle and then and then you suck, the middle and then and then you suck, right? Instead of doing all that, what I right? Instead of doing all that, what I right? Instead of doing all that, what I always like to do when Claude isn't always like to do when Claude isn't always like to do when Claude isn't giving me results that I want is I just giving me results that I want is I just giving me results that I want is I just take, you know, a simple prompt that take, you know, a simple prompt that take, you know, a simple prompt that says, "Summarize where we are." So, give says, "Summarize where we are." So, give says, "Summarize where we are." So, give me what is done, give me all the me what is done, give me all the me what is done, give me all the decisions I need to make, give me the decisions I need to make, give me the decisions I need to make, give me the things that are next, and give me a list things that are next, and give me a list things that are next, and give me a list of open problems. And then, I simply fix of open problems. And then, I simply fix of open problems. And then, I simply fix anything that I think is wrong in that anything that I think is wrong in that anything that I think is wrong in that summarization prompt, and then I hand it summarization prompt, and then I hand it summarization prompt, and then I hand it off to a new message. Uh typically, off to a new message. Uh typically, off to a new message. Uh typically, Claude will understand that, okay, this Claude will understand that, okay, this Claude will understand that, okay, this is obviously handed off by a previous is obviously handed off by a previous is obviously handed off by a previous session, so I should start with that in session, so I should start with that in session, so I should start with that in mind. It'll ask you anything that maybe mind. It'll ask you anything that maybe mind. It'll ask you anything that maybe is outstanding from your compacted is outstanding from your compacted is outstanding from your compacted summary. Uh and then you get a

[17:45] summary. Uh and then you get a summary. Uh and then you get a significantly higher context uh quality significantly higher context uh quality significantly higher context uh quality as a result of, you know, the way as a result of, you know, the way as a result of, you know, the way shorter prompt. And I also find, as shorter prompt. And I also find, as shorter prompt. And I also find, as mentioned earlier, that it's cheaper. mentioned earlier, that it's cheaper. mentioned earlier, that it's cheaper. Next up, ask side questions with Next up, ask side questions with Next up, ask side questions with {slash}btw. Nobody basically does this, {slash}btw. Nobody basically does this, {slash}btw. Nobody basically does this, which I find really funny, but I'm which I find really funny, but I'm which I find really funny, but I'm constantly {slash}btw'ing because one constantly {slash}btw'ing because one constantly {slash}btw'ing because one thing that you'll realize is the longer thing that you'll realize is the longer thing that you'll realize is the longer that Claude and other, you know, models that Claude and other, you know, models that Claude and other, you know, models grow more agentic, the harder it is to grow more agentic, the harder it is to grow more agentic, the harder it is to know what the hell is going on. I mean, know what the hell is going on. I mean, know what the hell is going on. I mean, how many times has probably happened to how many times has probably happened to how many times has probably happened to you in the last just few weeks or months you in the last just few weeks or months you in the last just few weeks or months alone? You give Claude some big task, alone? You give Claude some big task, alone? You give Claude some big task, like, "Hey, rewrite the checkout flow."

[18:16] like, "Hey, rewrite the checkout flow." like, "Hey, rewrite the checkout flow." It starts doing a bunch of stuff, and It starts doing a bunch of stuff, and It starts doing a bunch of stuff, and then 10 minutes later you come back to then 10 minutes later you come back to then 10 minutes later you come back to it, and you're like, "Hey, um where the it, and you're like, "Hey, um where the it, and you're like, "Hey, um where the hell were we again?" You start scrolling hell were we again?" You start scrolling hell were we again?" You start scrolling through all of your chats, and you through all of your chats, and you through all of your chats, and you realize like, "Dude, I have no idea realize like, "Dude, I have no idea realize like, "Dude, I have no idea what's going on." So, what you do is you what's going on." So, what you do is you what's going on." So, what you do is you wait naively for it to finish, and then wait naively for it to finish, and then wait naively for it to finish, and then give you the update, and then you read give you the update, and then you read give you the update, and then you read it not understanding what the hell's it not understanding what the hell's it not understanding what the hell's going on, ask it the same question going on, ask it the same question going on, ask it the same question again. Now you have to wait a big chunk again. Now you have to wait a big chunk again. Now you have to wait a big chunk of time for it to finish. Instead, of time for it to finish. Instead, of time for it to finish. Instead, parallelize that by asking it side parallelize that by asking it side parallelize that by asking it side questions with {slash}btw. So, anytime questions with {slash}btw. So, anytime questions with {slash}btw. So, anytime Claude's working, you literally type Claude's working, you literally type Claude's working, you literally type {slash}btw, and just say, "Hey, what is {slash}btw, and just say, "Hey, what is {slash}btw, and just say, "Hey, what is this thing mean?" And it will actually this thing mean?" And it will actually this thing mean?" And it will actually answer you while it's working on that answer you while it's working on that answer you while it's working on that other session. Um this, number one, does

[18:48] other session. Um this, number one, does other session. Um this, number one, does not pollute the main context with not pollute the main context with not pollute the main context with educational or informational questions educational or informational questions educational or informational questions about what it is that you're trying to about what it is that you're trying to about what it is that you're trying to do. And number two, it's just way faster do. And number two, it's just way faster do. And number two, it's just way faster and way easier. So, you guys should 100% and way easier. So, you guys should 100% and way easier. So, you guys should 100% be using {slash}btw wherever humanly be using {slash}btw wherever humanly be using {slash}btw wherever humanly possible. You know, I think we all possible. You know, I think we all possible. You know, I think we all probably sort of understand this. Uh any probably sort of understand this. Uh any probably sort of understand this. Uh any Yu-Gi-Oh! players in the chat, you know, Yu-Gi-Oh! players in the chat, you know, Yu-Gi-Oh! players in the chat, you know, these are your your your hands of Exodia these are your your your hands of Exodia these are your your your hands of Exodia versus like the head or the the body of versus like the head or the the body of versus like the head or the the body of Exodia. And you want your body to be Exodia. And you want your body to be Exodia. And you want your body to be really expensive, but you couldn't really expensive, but you couldn't really expensive, but you couldn't really care less about the hands, if I'm really care less about the hands, if I'm really care less about the hands, if I'm honest. The whole idea is, you know, if honest. The whole idea is, you know, if honest. The whole idea is, you know, if you have a task, you have a task, you have a task, you can almost always improve your you can almost always improve your you can almost always improve your ability to do the task by learning more

[19:19] ability to do the task by learning more ability to do the task by learning more about the problem. about the problem. about the problem. What I mean by this is you can research What I mean by this is you can research What I mean by this is you can research more about approaches that other people more about approaches that other people more about approaches that other people have done to, you know, try and solve have done to, you know, try and solve have done to, you know, try and solve the task. You could, you know, check all the task. You could, you know, check all the task. You could, you know, check all the papers on a subject. You can look the papers on a subject. You can look the papers on a subject. You can look through a bunch of blogs or, I don't through a bunch of blogs or, I don't through a bunch of blogs or, I don't know, Reddits or something like that to know, Reddits or something like that to know, Reddits or something like that to try and determine, okay, like what are try and determine, okay, like what are try and determine, okay, like what are all the things that basically people all the things that basically people all the things that basically people have tried throwing at this thing have tried throwing at this thing have tried throwing at this thing before. before. before. Um when you do this, your task quality Um when you do this, your task quality Um when you do this, your task quality significantly improves. The only issue significantly improves. The only issue significantly improves. The only issue with that is often times it costs a lot with that is often times it costs a lot with that is often times it costs a lot of money in order to do all that of money in order to do all that of money in order to do all that research. So, the optimal way to do this research. So, the optimal way to do this research. So, the optimal way to do this is just pay a little bit of money to a

[19:49] is just pay a little bit of money to a is just pay a little bit of money to a really cheap model to scan the search really cheap model to scan the search really cheap model to scan the search space as widely as humanly possible. space as widely as humanly possible. space as widely as humanly possible. Have it fan out, deliver you as much of Have it fan out, deliver you as much of Have it fan out, deliver you as much of this information as it can because they this information as it can because they this information as it can because they all have cheap and short contexts. And all have cheap and short contexts. And all have cheap and short contexts. And then just give it to your stronger model then just give it to your stronger model then just give it to your stronger model to actually make the call. to actually make the call. to actually make the call. So, in our case with, you know, I don't So, in our case with, you know, I don't So, in our case with, you know, I don't know, an Opus 5.5 or 6 or Fable or know, an Opus 5.5 or 6 or Fable or know, an Opus 5.5 or 6 or Fable or whatever model you are using at the time whatever model you are using at the time whatever model you are using at the time that you are watching this video, feed that you are watching this video, feed that you are watching this video, feed in your with something like, "Hey, I in your with something like, "Hey, I in your with something like, "Hey, I want a fan out and fan in strategy where want a fan out and fan in strategy where want a fan out and fan in strategy where you delegate to cheap sub agents to find you delegate to cheap sub agents to find you delegate to cheap sub agents to find out as much information on XYZ topic as

[20:19] out as much information on XYZ topic as out as much information on XYZ topic as humanly possible, best approaches in, humanly possible, best approaches in, humanly possible, best approaches in, you know, insert current year, things you know, insert current year, things you know, insert current year, things that maybe most other people don't that maybe most other people don't that maybe most other people don't currently use. And then I also want you currently use. And then I also want you currently use. And then I also want you to just like ideate and hypothesize a to just like ideate and hypothesize a to just like ideate and hypothesize a bunch of approaches to doing this that bunch of approaches to doing this that bunch of approaches to doing this that maybe aren't normally supported in the maybe aren't normally supported in the maybe aren't normally supported in the literature and see if there's anything literature and see if there's anything literature and see if there's anything to support that. Then I want you to to support that. Then I want you to to support that. Then I want you to combine that all into a mega prompt for combine that all into a mega prompt for combine that all into a mega prompt for a stronger model like, you know, maybe a stronger model like, you know, maybe a stronger model like, you know, maybe your your successor Opus Fable Mythos, your your successor Opus Fable Mythos, your your successor Opus Fable Mythos, whatever, and then have it make the whatever, and then have it make the whatever, and then have it make the decision. When you do this, you get more decision. When you do this, you get more decision. When you do this, you get more coverage, it's way faster, and also coverage, it's way faster, and also coverage, it's way faster, and also costs you less money than having Opus do costs you less money than having Opus do costs you less money than having Opus do it all. it all. it all. I cannot tell you just how much this I cannot tell you just how much this I cannot tell you just how much this fundamentally evolves my personal

[20:50] fundamentally evolves my personal fundamentally evolves my personal prompting strategy. I would highly prompting strategy. I would highly prompting strategy. I would highly recommend you guys use fan out fan in recommend you guys use fan out fan in recommend you guys use fan out fan in wherever possible. Obligatory, set up wherever possible. Obligatory, set up wherever possible. Obligatory, set up your Claude that MD. This is similar to your Claude that MD. This is similar to your Claude that MD. This is similar to context rot. If you're just always context rot. If you're just always context rot. If you're just always feeding in dumb things that are no feeding in dumb things that are no feeding in dumb things that are no longer relevant, like I was recently, longer relevant, like I was recently, longer relevant, like I was recently, whereas feeding it the deprecated whereas feeding it the deprecated whereas feeding it the deprecated revenue figures from a few months ago, revenue figures from a few months ago, revenue figures from a few months ago, and it kept on making decisions for me and it kept on making decisions for me and it kept on making decisions for me based off of a deprecated revenue based off of a deprecated revenue based off of a deprecated revenue numbers. Like, you know, my risk numbers. Like, you know, my risk numbers. Like, you know, my risk tolerance was way lower, the amount of tolerance was way lower, the amount of tolerance was way lower, the amount of money I was willing to throw at problems money I was willing to throw at problems money I was willing to throw at problems was way lower. You know, my portfolio was way lower. You know, my portfolio was way lower. You know, my portfolio wasn't as fully fleshed out, so I didn't wasn't as fully fleshed out, so I didn't wasn't as fully fleshed out, so I didn't have, you know, high-quality pieces that have, you know, high-quality pieces that have, you know, high-quality pieces that it recommended me to, you know, sell to

[21:21] it recommended me to, you know, sell to it recommended me to, you know, sell to other people and so on and so forth. other people and so on and so forth. other people and so on and so forth. Make sure to just check your Claude.md. Make sure to just check your Claude.md. Make sure to just check your Claude.md. Check it literally right now. Pause the Check it literally right now. Pause the Check it literally right now. Pause the video if you have to. Double-check that video if you have to. Double-check that video if you have to. Double-check that everything that is in there is actually everything that is in there is actually everything that is in there is actually relevant. There's zero point to sending relevant. There's zero point to sending relevant. There's zero point to sending even a single character or wasting even even a single character or wasting even even a single character or wasting even a single character of both, you know, a single character of both, you know, a single character of both, you know, your token budget and then also Claude's your token budget and then also Claude's your token budget and then also Claude's intelligence. The only information that intelligence. The only information that intelligence. The only information that should be in there is stuff that you should be in there is stuff that you should be in there is stuff that you genuinely want to be in there. The way I genuinely want to be in there. The way I genuinely want to be in there. The way I like to do this is I always say a like to do this is I always say a like to do this is I always say a summary of what's where. You can just summary of what's where. You can just summary of what's where. You can just generate that with a backslash init. generate that with a backslash init. generate that with a backslash init. Super easy. Then just give it some Super easy. Then just give it some Super easy. Then just give it some preferences. So, in my case, I actually preferences. So, in my case, I actually preferences. So, in my case, I actually say give me full file paths and I say say give me full file paths and I say say give me full file paths and I say use Python.

[21:51] use Python. use Python. Um, you know, what can it do? Hey, you Um, you know, what can it do? Hey, you Um, you know, what can it do? Hey, you know, feel free to do whatever the hell know, feel free to do whatever the hell know, feel free to do whatever the hell you want within these capacities. Um, if you want within these capacities. Um, if you want within these capacities. Um, if you're not sure, ask me before, but I you're not sure, ask me before, but I you're not sure, ask me before, but I generally trust you. Here's some generally trust you. Here's some generally trust you. Here's some information about me. Here's some information about me. Here's some information about me. Here's some lessons that I've learned and so on and lessons that I've learned and so on and lessons that I've learned and so on and so forth. That's fine. Just make sure so forth. That's fine. Just make sure so forth. That's fine. Just make sure that, you know, you're not feeding in uh that, you know, you're not feeding in uh that, you know, you're not feeding in uh the same thing that you were feeding in the same thing that you were feeding in the same thing that you were feeding in models of yesteryear. Every time model models of yesteryear. Every time model models of yesteryear. Every time model gets an update, even a highly gets an update, even a highly gets an update, even a highly incremental one, you should be going incremental one, you should be going incremental one, you should be going through this process again to ensure through this process again to ensure through this process again to ensure that your Claude.md and system prompts that your Claude.md and system prompts that your Claude.md and system prompts in general are very high quality. Next, in general are very high quality. Next, in general are very high quality. Next, keep a backup tool ready. As unfortunate keep a backup tool ready. As unfortunate keep a backup tool ready. As unfortunate as it is, Claude code is not always

[22:22] as it is, Claude code is not always as it is, Claude code is not always fantastic. Um, sometimes there are fantastic. Um, sometimes there are fantastic. Um, sometimes there are outages in Claude. Sometimes there are outages in Claude. Sometimes there are outages in Claude. Sometimes there are quality fluctuations as an unfortunate quality fluctuations as an unfortunate quality fluctuations as an unfortunate result of just, you know, model result of just, you know, model result of just, you know, model economics and tokenomics and stuff like economics and tokenomics and stuff like economics and tokenomics and stuff like that. So, what I see a lot of the time that. So, what I see a lot of the time that. So, what I see a lot of the time in MakerSchool and then all over the in MakerSchool and then all over the in MakerSchool and then all over the internet is when Claude code's down, internet is when Claude code's down, internet is when Claude code's down, everybody and their mom is on Twitter or everybody and their mom is on Twitter or everybody and their mom is on Twitter or YouTube saying Claude code is down. The YouTube saying Claude code is down. The YouTube saying Claude code is down. The reason why is cuz they're just not reason why is cuz they're just not reason why is cuz they're just not getting any damn work done because they getting any damn work done because they getting any damn work done because they don't have a way to back up. And so, don't have a way to back up. And so, don't have a way to back up. And so, what I'll do is I will run Claude code what I'll do is I will run Claude code what I'll do is I will run Claude code as my main tool, but I will always have as my main tool, but I will always have as my main tool, but I will always have a backup model like Codex or another a backup model like Codex or another a backup model like Codex or another model in the same folder with me.

[22:52] model in the same folder with me. model in the same folder with me. Usually like a Codex or an agents.md or Usually like a Codex or an agents.md or Usually like a Codex or an agents.md or something similar. And so, what I'll do something similar. And so, what I'll do something similar. And so, what I'll do is, you know, agents.md is like sort of is, you know, agents.md is like sort of is, you know, agents.md is like sort of other models versions of a Claude.md. I other models versions of a Claude.md. I other models versions of a Claude.md. I will sim link, which just means connect will sim link, which just means connect will sim link, which just means connect the Claude.md in my directory to the the Claude.md in my directory to the the Claude.md in my directory to the agents.md. I'll mirror the contents such agents.md. I'll mirror the contents such agents.md. I'll mirror the contents such that anytime Claude updates a Claude.md, that anytime Claude updates a Claude.md, that anytime Claude updates a Claude.md, it'll also update agents.md. it'll also update agents.md. it'll also update agents.md. Um, and then, you know, if it's ever Um, and then, you know, if it's ever Um, and then, you know, if it's ever out, I can just like drag and drop Codex out, I can just like drag and drop Codex out, I can just like drag and drop Codex in and say, "Hey Codex, you know, pick in and say, "Hey Codex, you know, pick in and say, "Hey Codex, you know, pick up where your brethren Claude left off." up where your brethren Claude left off." up where your brethren Claude left off." It says, "Claude, that guy sucks, but, It says, "Claude, that guy sucks, but, It says, "Claude, that guy sucks, but, you know, does it anyway." I never

[23:22] you know, does it anyway." I never you know, does it anyway." I never really have to suffer an outage. Um, really have to suffer an outage. Um, really have to suffer an outage. Um, you'd be surprised at the number of you'd be surprised at the number of you'd be surprised at the number of large teams that I've worked with, you large teams that I've worked with, you large teams that I've worked with, you know, we're talking again, know, we're talking again, know, we're talking again, billion-dollar teams, that do not have billion-dollar teams, that do not have billion-dollar teams, that do not have any sort of backup or any sort of like, any sort of backup or any sort of like, any sort of backup or any sort of like, you know, diversity of models. When you know, diversity of models. When you know, diversity of models. When Claude code goes down, they are Claude code goes down, they are Claude code goes down, they are legitimately hamstrung and economic legitimately hamstrung and economic legitimately hamstrung and economic productivity within that company grinds productivity within that company grinds productivity within that company grinds to a halt. Don't let that be you. And by to a halt. Don't let that be you. And by to a halt. Don't let that be you. And by the way, Claude recently updated such the way, Claude recently updated such the way, Claude recently updated such that it now even understands agents.md. that it now even understands agents.md. that it now even understands agents.md. So, while I'd still recommend having a So, while I'd still recommend having a So, while I'd still recommend having a Claude.md in your workspace, you could Claude.md in your workspace, you could Claude.md in your workspace, you could also just have an agents.md and then also just have an agents.md and then also just have an agents.md and then just hot swap models out anytime Claude just hot swap models out anytime Claude just hot swap models out anytime Claude needs it. Have Claude learn from its

[23:53] needs it. Have Claude learn from its needs it. Have Claude learn from its mistakes and build that into the mistakes and build that into the mistakes and build that into the Claude.md. So, let's say you make a Claude.md. So, let's say you make a Claude.md. So, let's say you make a mistake, you know, and the mistake is, I mistake, you know, and the mistake is, I mistake, you know, and the mistake is, I don't know, you are trying some old API. don't know, you are trying some old API. don't know, you are trying some old API. And every time Claude tries the old API, And every time Claude tries the old API, And every time Claude tries the old API, it fails. So, you're like, "Okay, you it fails. So, you're like, "Okay, you it fails. So, you're like, "Okay, you know, update the Claude.md so you know know, update the Claude.md so you know know, update the Claude.md so you know it doesn't do it again." It might write it doesn't do it again." It might write it doesn't do it again." It might write something like, "Don't retry the old something like, "Don't retry the old something like, "Don't retry the old API." API." API." But, that sucks. What you're telling it But, that sucks. What you're telling it But, that sucks. What you're telling it to do again is you're telling it what to do again is you're telling it what to do again is you're telling it what not to do. Instead of giving it like not to do. Instead of giving it like not to do. Instead of giving it like negatives, okay, and trying to fill the negatives, okay, and trying to fill the negatives, okay, and trying to fill the whole thing with a bunch of list of whole thing with a bunch of list of whole thing with a bunch of list of things it can't do, instead give it things it can't do, instead give it things it can't do, instead give it positives. Say things like batch the positives. Say things like batch the positives. Say things like batch the file reads, let's say, which is the file reads, let's say, which is the file reads, let's say, which is the actual solution to the problem. So,

[24:24] actual solution to the problem. So, actual solution to the problem. So, don't just give it a bunch of problems, don't just give it a bunch of problems, don't just give it a bunch of problems, okay, cuz, you know, that seems like okay, cuz, you know, that seems like okay, cuz, you know, that seems like learning, but it's not. Give it the learning, but it's not. Give it the learning, but it's not. Give it the solutions as well. And a simple and easy solutions as well. And a simple and easy solutions as well. And a simple and easy way I always get Claude to do this for way I always get Claude to do this for way I always get Claude to do this for me is I will just say, "How could you me is I will just say, "How could you me is I will just say, "How could you have done that faster with fewer have done that faster with fewer have done that faster with fewer tokens?" And I will generally ask this tokens?" And I will generally ask this tokens?" And I will generally ask this every single time I'm building a skill every single time I'm building a skill every single time I'm building a skill uh, into like an eval loop like we uh, into like an eval loop like we uh, into like an eval loop like we talked about before with, you know, talked about before with, you know, talked about before with, you know, prompt lucky dice rolls. prompt lucky dice rolls. prompt lucky dice rolls. When you do this and you feed all that When you do this and you feed all that When you do this and you feed all that stuff in with a tool like /insights and stuff in with a tool like /insights and stuff in with a tool like /insights and so on and so forth to uh, your so on and so forth to uh, your so on and so forth to uh, your Claude.md, your Claude.md usually Claude.md, your Claude.md usually Claude.md, your Claude.md usually becomes like a real powerhouse becomes like a real powerhouse becomes like a real powerhouse operation. Uh, and so my my Claude.md,

[24:54] operation. Uh, and so my my Claude.md, operation. Uh, and so my my Claude.md, for instance, probably saves me, you for instance, probably saves me, you for instance, probably saves me, you know, know, know, three or four hours a week just in all three or four hours a week just in all three or four hours a week just in all of the mistakes that Claude usually of the mistakes that Claude usually of the mistakes that Claude usually makes with, you know, a given set of makes with, you know, a given set of makes with, you know, a given set of tasks that it no longer has to. And even tasks that it no longer has to. And even tasks that it no longer has to. And even high-level instructions surrounding high-level instructions surrounding high-level instructions surrounding like, "Hey, could you open this file for like, "Hey, could you open this file for like, "Hey, could you open this file for me when you're done working on it?" or me when you're done working on it?" or me when you're done working on it?" or something, also save me a tremendous something, also save me a tremendous something, also save me a tremendous amount of time. And if you use terminal amount of time. And if you use terminal amount of time. And if you use terminal tools like Ghost TTY, Orca, or these tools like Ghost TTY, Orca, or these tools like Ghost TTY, Orca, or these other approaches, they can also be very other approaches, they can also be very other approaches, they can also be very powerful because there's just very powerful because there's just very powerful because there's just very difficult sort of navigation natively in difficult sort of navigation natively in difficult sort of navigation natively in those apps as a result. Okay, hopefully those apps as a result. Okay, hopefully those apps as a result. Okay, hopefully you guys appreciated that video. If you you guys appreciated that video. If you you guys appreciated that video. If you guys like learning about AI automation

[25:25] guys like learning about AI automation guys like learning about AI automation and other cool generative technologies, and other cool generative technologies, and other cool generative technologies, and you want to learn how to monetize and you want to learn how to monetize and you want to learn how to monetize those for your own business, freelancing those for your own business, freelancing those for your own business, freelancing career, or agency, definitely check out career, or agency, definitely check out career, or agency, definitely check out Maker School. It's the first link in the Maker School. It's the first link in the Maker School. It's the first link in the description. It's my 90-day description. It's my 90-day description. It's my 90-day accountability program where I'll accountability program where I'll accountability program where I'll guarantee you your very first customer guarantee you your very first customer guarantee you your very first customer for a paying AI automation service, or for a paying AI automation service, or for a paying AI automation service, or I'll give you all your money back, 100% I'll give you all your money back, 100% I'll give you all your money back, 100% back. You guys can check the reviews. We back. You guys can check the reviews. We back. You guys can check the reviews. We have lots of people that are absolutely have lots of people that are absolutely have lots of people that are absolutely crushing that program, more than I can crushing that program, more than I can crushing that program, more than I can even begin to count. If you guys also even begin to count. If you guys also even begin to count. If you guys also like this channel and want to keep like this channel and want to keep like this channel and want to keep supporting it, please like, subscribe, supporting it, please like, subscribe, supporting it, please like, subscribe, and comment down below. I'll leave you

[25:55] and comment down below. I'll leave you and comment down below. I'll leave you all with a great big thank you, and I'll all with a great big thank you, and I'll all with a great big thank you, and I'll catch you guys in the next video. Bye.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=45K3zHckCnQ
