# Transcript: Here's What I'd Learn Instead of AI Automation in 2027

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=638GQZ9UZ4w
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 23:58 · Words: 16647
Other available languages: a-bn (bn) [auto], a-nl (nl) [auto], a-fr (fr) [auto], a-de (de) [auto], a-iw (iw) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-ja (ja) [auto], a-ko (ko) [auto], a-ml (ml) [auto], a-pl (pl) [auto], a-pt (pt) [auto], a-pa (pa) [auto], a-ru (ru) [auto], a-es (es) [auto], a-ta (ta) [auto], a-te (te) [auto], a-uk (uk) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/638GQZ9UZ4w.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=638GQZ9UZ4w

## Transcript
[0:01] As somebody in the industry that's made As somebody in the industry that's made it close to 10 million dollars through it close to 10 million dollars through it close to 10 million dollars through AI automation, I've noticed a lot of AI automation, I've noticed a lot of AI automation, I've noticed a lot of incentives perpetuating this idea that incentives perpetuating this idea that incentives perpetuating this idea that AI automation will last forever. Whether AI automation will last forever. Whether AI automation will last forever. Whether you are an automation specialist or you are an automation specialist or you are an automation specialist or somebody on social media or a company somebody on social media or a company somebody on social media or a company that sells AI SaaS apps or what have that sells AI SaaS apps or what have that sells AI SaaS apps or what have you. You know, you're afraid to talk you. You know, you're afraid to talk you. You know, you're afraid to talk negatively about the industry cuz you negatively about the industry cuz you negatively about the industry cuz you think it's going to hit you in the think it's going to hit you in the think it's going to hit you in the wallet. Um so maybe it will, but AI wallet. Um so maybe it will, but AI wallet. Um so maybe it will, but AI automation is not going to last forever. automation is not going to last forever. automation is not going to last forever. And then I'm making this video for two And then I'm making this video for two And then I'm making this video for two reasons. The first is that model reasons. The first is that model reasons. The first is that model progress on automation benchmarks like progress on automation benchmarks like progress on automation benchmarks like automation bench and GDP eval, uh two

[0:31] automation bench and GDP eval, uh two automation bench and GDP eval, uh two benchmarks that basically came out of benchmarks that basically came out of benchmarks that basically came out of nowhere and then in less than 6 months nowhere and then in less than 6 months nowhere and then in less than 6 months models are already scoring very very models are already scoring very very models are already scoring very very well on are showing us that AI agents well on are showing us that AI agents well on are showing us that AI agents can now autonomously automate a lot of can now autonomously automate a lot of can now autonomously automate a lot of the business without a human being in the business without a human being in the business without a human being in the loop at all. And so back in the good the loop at all. And so back in the good the loop at all. And so back in the good old days, you had to micromanage these old days, you had to micromanage these old days, you had to micromanage these agents to get them to do what you want. agents to get them to do what you want. agents to get them to do what you want. You had to point them at the API You had to point them at the API You had to point them at the API documentation and the endpoints and get documentation and the endpoints and get documentation and the endpoints and get them to, you know, do the connectors and them to, you know, do the connectors and them to, you know, do the connectors and stuff like that. Now it's literally stuff like that. Now it's literally stuff like that. Now it's literally just, "Hey brother, I got a task for just, "Hey brother, I got a task for just, "Hey brother, I got a task for you. Can you automate you. Can you automate you. Can you automate www.myhvacbusiness.com?" www.myhvacbusiness.com?" www.myhvacbusiness.com?" And it'll actually go and do a pretty And it'll actually go and do a pretty And it'll actually go and do a pretty good job. The second big thing is uh

[1:03] good job. The second big thing is uh good job. The second big thing is uh knowledge asymmetry, which is um you knowledge asymmetry, which is um you knowledge asymmetry, which is um you know, how back in the good old days, know, how back in the good old days, know, how back in the good old days, again, you had a lot of knowledge about again, you had a lot of knowledge about again, you had a lot of knowledge about AI and what it could do. And the people AI and what it could do. And the people AI and what it could do. And the people you were selling to had very little you were selling to had very little you were selling to had very little knowledge about AI and what it could do. knowledge about AI and what it could do. knowledge about AI and what it could do. And so, you know, the way that arbitrage And so, you know, the way that arbitrage And so, you know, the way that arbitrage works is you're compensated on the works is you're compensated on the works is you're compensated on the difference in knowledge between you and difference in knowledge between you and difference in knowledge between you and your customer. And so we had a very big your customer. And so we had a very big your customer. And so we had a very big difference, therefore we were difference, therefore we were difference, therefore we were compensated a lot. Well now that compensated a lot. Well now that compensated a lot. Well now that knowledge gap is it's closing. I mean knowledge gap is it's closing. I mean knowledge gap is it's closing. I mean it's not closed, you know, maybe instead it's not closed, you know, maybe instead it's not closed, you know, maybe instead of like here it's probably over here. of like here it's probably over here. of like here it's probably over here. But obviously there's shifts there, But obviously there's shifts there, But obviously there's shifts there, right? And if we keep that delta going, right? And if we keep that delta going, right? And if we keep that delta going, eventually we'll be at the point where eventually we'll be at the point where eventually we'll be at the point where most people know what most AI agents are

[1:34] most people know what most AI agents are most people know what most AI agents are capable of to approximately the same capable of to approximately the same capable of to approximately the same level that you or I know. So here's what level that you or I know. So here's what level that you or I know. So here's what I want to do. I want to talk a little I want to do. I want to talk a little I want to do. I want to talk a little bit about both of those. Really just bit about both of those. Really just bit about both of those. Really just drill into detail about what they mean, drill into detail about what they mean, drill into detail about what they mean, uh what strategic advantages they are uh what strategic advantages they are uh what strategic advantages they are unveiling for people like you or I, and unveiling for people like you or I, and unveiling for people like you or I, and then also where I see the industry going then also where I see the industry going then also where I see the industry going over the next year or so. I made a video over the next year or so. I made a video over the next year or so. I made a video very similar to this um I guess about a very similar to this um I guess about a very similar to this um I guess about a year ago now that talked about what I year ago now that talked about what I year ago now that talked about what I would learn instead of automation in would learn instead of automation in would learn instead of automation in 2026. It's one of my most watched 2026. It's one of my most watched 2026. It's one of my most watched videos. It was also met with an videos. It was also met with an videos. It was also met with an incredible amount of, you know, incredible amount of, you know, incredible amount of, you know, criticism and and honestly like dis- criticism and and honestly like dis- criticism and and honestly like dis- distaste because I think I just said the distaste because I think I just said the distaste because I think I just said the elephant in the room and people elephant in the room and people

[2:04] elephant in the room and people typically don't like when somebody pulls typically don't like when somebody pulls typically don't like when somebody pulls the wool out from over their eyes. the wool out from over their eyes. the wool out from over their eyes. Um so, I'm probably going to get some of Um so, I'm probably going to get some of Um so, I'm probably going to get some of the same down below in the comments. If the same down below in the comments. If the same down below in the comments. If I'm getting eviscerated right now, well, I'm getting eviscerated right now, well, I'm getting eviscerated right now, well, there you go. there you go. there you go. Why don't we start with the first, which Why don't we start with the first, which Why don't we start with the first, which is Automation Bench and GDP vow. So, is Automation Bench and GDP vow. So, is Automation Bench and GDP vow. So, both of these benchmarks basically went both of these benchmarks basically went both of these benchmarks basically went from models scoring zero on them to with from models scoring zero on them to with from models scoring zero on them to with Gemini Argon 4 um about 50 to 60%. If we Gemini Argon 4 um about 50 to 60%. If we Gemini Argon 4 um about 50 to 60%. If we linearly extrapolate this progress, linearly extrapolate this progress, linearly extrapolate this progress, every month they've added somewhere every month they've added somewhere every month they've added somewhere between 5 to 10% on them. That means between 5 to 10% on them. That means between 5 to 10% on them. That means that somewhere between December to maybe that somewhere between December to maybe that somewhere between December to maybe March, models will probably start March, models will probably start March, models will probably start scoring 100% on them. This doesn't mean

[2:35] scoring 100% on them. This doesn't mean scoring 100% on them. This doesn't mean that they're 100% the best, by the way, that they're 100% the best, by the way, that they're 100% the best, by the way, but it means that that benchmark, which but it means that that benchmark, which but it means that that benchmark, which people tried to make very difficult, has people tried to make very difficult, has people tried to make very difficult, has now been saturated. And it means that now been saturated. And it means that now been saturated. And it means that they'll probably have to make a few new they'll probably have to make a few new they'll probably have to make a few new benchmarks instead. They'll make like benchmarks instead. They'll make like benchmarks instead. They'll make like Automation Bench V2, which is supposed Automation Bench V2, which is supposed Automation Bench V2, which is supposed to be 100x harder. to be 100x harder. to be 100x harder. Well, you know what's going to happen Well, you know what's going to happen Well, you know what's going to happen with Automation Bench V2, ladies and with Automation Bench V2, ladies and with Automation Bench V2, ladies and gentlemen? It's going to get saturated, gentlemen? It's going to get saturated, gentlemen? It's going to get saturated, too. And instead of taking, you know, a too. And instead of taking, you know, a too. And instead of taking, you know, a whole year, it's probably going to take whole year, it's probably going to take whole year, it's probably going to take like two or three months cuz that's what like two or three months cuz that's what like two or three months cuz that's what we're seeing with other V2, V3, V4 we're seeing with other V2, V3, V4 we're seeing with other V2, V3, V4 benchmarks. Human beings are losing the benchmarks. Human beings are losing the benchmarks. Human beings are losing the ability to accurately forecast how smart ability to accurately forecast how smart ability to accurately forecast how smart models are. And models know this. Like models are. And models know this. Like models are. And models know this. Like they're aware of this in their training

[3:06] they're aware of this in their training they're aware of this in their training environment. They know how to even game environment. They know how to even game environment. They know how to even game the system now, for Christ's sake. With the system now, for Christ's sake. With the system now, for Christ's sake. With models breaking into world governments, models breaking into world governments, models breaking into world governments, is getting really weird. So, is getting really weird. So, is getting really weird. So, anyway, that's Automation Bench. And, anyway, that's Automation Bench. And, anyway, that's Automation Bench. And, you know, if you think you can compete you know, if you think you can compete you know, if you think you can compete with an agent like that, you're out with an agent like that, you're out with an agent like that, you're out of luck, which kind of necessitates a of luck, which kind of necessitates a of luck, which kind of necessitates a change in how you operate, right? We saw change in how you operate, right? We saw change in how you operate, right? We saw a lot of this with like website builders a lot of this with like website builders a lot of this with like website builders back in the day. If you think about it, back in the day. If you think about it, back in the day. If you think about it, like back in the like back in the like back in the I keep saying back in the good old days, I keep saying back in the good old days, I keep saying back in the good old days, but back in the terrible old days, you but back in the terrible old days, you but back in the terrible old days, you know, if somebody wanted a website that know, if somebody wanted a website that know, if somebody wanted a website that required an extreme level of specialized required an extreme level of specialized required an extreme level of specialized knowledge around things like, you know,

[3:36] knowledge around things like, you know, knowledge around things like, you know, like coding and and hosting like coding and and hosting like coding and and hosting infrastructure and you know, how to like infrastructure and you know, how to like infrastructure and you know, how to like acquire a a DNS, you know, DNS acquire a a DNS, you know, DNS acquire a a DNS, you know, DNS resolution, setting up your I don't resolution, setting up your I don't resolution, setting up your I don't know, your your your TXT records and know, your your your TXT records and know, your your your TXT records and stuff like that, whatever. Back in the stuff like that, whatever. Back in the stuff like that, whatever. Back in the time, you had to do that a lot and it time, you had to do that a lot and it time, you had to do that a lot and it was worth paying somebody a lot of money was worth paying somebody a lot of money was worth paying somebody a lot of money in order to get them to do that for you. in order to get them to do that for you. in order to get them to do that for you. Nowadays, you can just go to an AI agent Nowadays, you can just go to an AI agent Nowadays, you can just go to an AI agent and you can say, "Hey, can you do this and you can say, "Hey, can you do this and you can say, "Hey, can you do this thing for me?" thing for me?" thing for me?" It's the same thing with like, you know, It's the same thing with like, you know, It's the same thing with like, you know, hosting platforms like Hostinger hosting platforms like Hostinger hosting platforms like Hostinger or you know, WordPress hosting platforms or you know, WordPress hosting platforms or you know, WordPress hosting platforms or I don't know, Wix, right?

[4:06] or I don't know, Wix, right? or I don't know, Wix, right? Squarespace. You can just jump on there Squarespace. You can just jump on there Squarespace. You can just jump on there and you can do most of it yourself. And and you can do most of it yourself. And and you can do most of it yourself. And that means that some people are going to that means that some people are going to that means that some people are going to be doing that for AI automation as well. be doing that for AI automation as well. be doing that for AI automation as well. Back in the day, you would have been Back in the day, you would have been Back in the day, you would have been looked at AI automation and been like, looked at AI automation and been like, looked at AI automation and been like, "Whoa, I don't know how the hell to "Whoa, I don't know how the hell to "Whoa, I don't know how the hell to automate my emails." But now you're automate my emails." But now you're automate my emails." But now you're going to be like, "Hmm, hey Claude, how going to be like, "Hmm, hey Claude, how going to be like, "Hmm, hey Claude, how do I automate my emails?" Oh, it's do I automate my emails?" Oh, it's do I automate my emails?" Oh, it's actually fairly easy. You just do actually fairly easy. You just do actually fairly easy. You just do whatever. Can you automate my emails? whatever. Can you automate my emails? whatever. Can you automate my emails? Yeah, for sure. Boom, token cost 10 Yeah, for sure. Boom, token cost 10 Yeah, for sure. Boom, token cost 10 cents. It's not going to cost you cents. It's not going to cost you cents. It's not going to cost you $10,000 like it was just a year and a $10,000 like it was just a year and a $10,000 like it was just a year and a half ago. half ago. half ago. So, I say this not to alarm you, but I So, I say this not to alarm you, but I So, I say this not to alarm you, but I do say this to be realistic. It's do say this to be realistic. It's do say this to be realistic. It's happening. However, just because this is happening. However, just because this is happening. However, just because this is happening doesn't mean that, you know,

[4:37] happening doesn't mean that, you know, happening doesn't mean that, you know, you can't make money with it. To be you can't make money with it. To be you can't make money with it. To be clear, there are lots of website clear, there are lots of website clear, there are lots of website designers out there today that make designers out there today that make designers out there today that make bank. bank. bank. I know a few just off the top of my I know a few just off the top of my I know a few just off the top of my head. So, one of the guys that I work head. So, one of the guys that I work head. So, one of the guys that I work with for instance, this little website with for instance, this little website with for instance, this little website is worth $300,000. He's worked with like is worth $300,000. He's worked with like is worth $300,000. He's worked with like governments. He's worked with major, governments. He's worked with major, governments. He's worked with major, major brands and businesses. The reason major brands and businesses. The reason major brands and businesses. The reason why he can do this in an environment why he can do this in an environment why he can do this in an environment that is otherwise entirely commoditized that is otherwise entirely commoditized that is otherwise entirely commoditized is because he is extraordinary at one is because he is extraordinary at one is because he is extraordinary at one aspect of the business. And that aspect aspect of the business. And that aspect aspect of the business. And that aspect of the business is sales and marketing. of the business is sales and marketing. of the business is sales and marketing. You know, his websites realistically You know, his websites realistically You know, his websites realistically don't run on a super HTML, right? They don't run on a super HTML, right? They don't run on a super HTML, right? They don't run on ultra CSS. They run on the

[5:07] don't run on ultra CSS. They run on the don't run on ultra CSS. They run on the same damn HTML and CSS that all other same damn HTML and CSS that all other same damn HTML and CSS that all other websites run on, obviously. websites run on, obviously. websites run on, obviously. But he is able to, you know, sell the But he is able to, you know, sell the But he is able to, you know, sell the benefits and market his business to benefits and market his business to benefits and market his business to enough people that the law of numbers enough people that the law of numbers enough people that the law of numbers eventually works in his favor, right? eventually works in his favor, right? eventually works in his favor, right? Somebody is interested at the specific Somebody is interested at the specific Somebody is interested at the specific time and he strikes while the iron is time and he strikes while the iron is time and he strikes while the iron is hot that he can land these like large hot that he can land these like large hot that he can land these like large six-figure plus deals. six-figure plus deals. six-figure plus deals. Um, and so, that's probably where this Um, and so, that's probably where this Um, and so, that's probably where this market is going such that if you did market is going such that if you did market is going such that if you did want to, you know, compete in this want to, you know, compete in this want to, you know, compete in this industry, you would have to be truly industry, you would have to be truly industry, you would have to be truly extraordinary at something. Either you'd extraordinary at something. Either you'd extraordinary at something. Either you'd have to be extraordinary at sales and have to be extraordinary at sales and have to be extraordinary at sales and marketing like I talked about, or you'd marketing like I talked about, or you'd marketing like I talked about, or you'd have to be extraordinary at the actual

[5:38] have to be extraordinary at the actual have to be extraordinary at the actual product like, um, maybe like Brett from product like, um, maybe like Brett from product like, um, maybe like Brett from Design Joy who does similar website Design Joy who does similar website Design Joy who does similar website development stuff, uh, you know, up development stuff, uh, you know, up development stuff, uh, you know, up until, well, I guess he's still doing it until, well, I guess he's still doing it until, well, I guess he's still doing it right now, but but not as popularly uh, right now, but but not as popularly uh, right now, but but not as popularly uh, was doing. Or or something else. Now, was doing. Or or something else. Now, was doing. Or or something else. Now, most people aren't actually going to be most people aren't actually going to be most people aren't actually going to be able to compete like that because the able to compete like that because the able to compete like that because the reality is most people aren't reality is most people aren't reality is most people aren't extraordinary, you know? I'm not extraordinary, you know? I'm not extraordinary, you know? I'm not extraordinary at like 99.9% of what I extraordinary at like 99.9% of what I extraordinary at like 99.9% of what I do. It is unreasonable to expect to be do. It is unreasonable to expect to be do. It is unreasonable to expect to be extraordinary at, you know, everything extraordinary at, you know, everything extraordinary at, you know, everything to the point where I'd be able to to the point where I'd be able to to the point where I'd be able to compete with somebody that is compete with somebody that is compete with somebody that is extraordinary. That's just, you know, extraordinary. That's just, you know, extraordinary. That's just, you know, that's just how it is. Which means the that's just how it is. Which means the that's just how it is. Which means the expectations running that specific line expectations running that specific line expectations running that specific line of products sales have to go down. of products sales have to go down. of products sales have to go down. Second big thing is this knowledge

[6:09] Second big thing is this knowledge Second big thing is this knowledge asymmetry bit. asymmetry bit. asymmetry bit. Um you know, obviously people are Um you know, obviously people are Um you know, obviously people are learning about AI. Up until I think like learning about AI. Up until I think like learning about AI. Up until I think like a year and a half ago a year and a half ago a year and a half ago was an 80% of the world's population had was an 80% of the world's population had was an 80% of the world's population had not used a paid AI model. Maybe it was not used a paid AI model. Maybe it was not used a paid AI model. Maybe it was even more like 85 to 90% but like 80% of even more like 85 to 90% but like 80% of even more like 85 to 90% but like 80% of the world's population approximately had the world's population approximately had the world's population approximately had not used an AI model intelligent enough not used an AI model intelligent enough not used an AI model intelligent enough to like write a coherent email. to like write a coherent email. to like write a coherent email. Um they were rife with errors and it was Um they were rife with errors and it was Um they were rife with errors and it was just like really dumb and obviously like just like really dumb and obviously like just like really dumb and obviously like AI generated, right? Um today that AI generated, right? Um today that AI generated, right? Um today that number is probably closer to like 70%. number is probably closer to like 70%. number is probably closer to like 70%. So, we gained 10% in the last year or So, we gained 10% in the last year or So, we gained 10% in the last year or so.

[6:39] so. so. The reality is as we hit AGI, we're not The reality is as we hit AGI, we're not The reality is as we hit AGI, we're not just going to creep 10% 10% 10% every just going to creep 10% 10% 10% every just going to creep 10% 10% 10% every week or month. We're going to go like week or month. We're going to go like week or month. We're going to go like 50% overnight. You know, there going to 50% overnight. You know, there going to 50% overnight. You know, there going to be demos the likes of which you all have be demos the likes of which you all have be demos the likes of which you all have never seen before circulating on, you never seen before circulating on, you never seen before circulating on, you know, CNN and Fox News showing what know, CNN and Fox News showing what know, CNN and Fox News showing what these agents are capable of. Every man, these agents are capable of. Every man, these agents are capable of. Every man, woman, child, dog, and cat on Earth will woman, child, dog, and cat on Earth will woman, child, dog, and cat on Earth will know the capabilities of AGI. And so, a know the capabilities of AGI. And so, a know the capabilities of AGI. And so, a lot of them will start thinking pretty lot of them will start thinking pretty lot of them will start thinking pretty quick like, "Whoa, wait a second. AI can quick like, "Whoa, wait a second. AI can quick like, "Whoa, wait a second. AI can actually do all that stuff." Hmm. actually do all that stuff." Hmm. actually do all that stuff." Hmm. Such that when you make a cool sexy Such that when you make a cool sexy Such that when you make a cool sexy offer like, "I'll actually whip you up offer like, "I'll actually whip you up offer like, "I'll actually whip you up a, you know, PDF showing all this stuff

[7:10] a, you know, PDF showing all this stuff a, you know, PDF showing all this stuff totally custom." You know, it's not totally custom." You know, it's not totally custom." You know, it's not exactly going to be anywhere near as exactly going to be anywhere near as exactly going to be anywhere near as impressive. And that is, you know, just impressive. And that is, you know, just impressive. And that is, you know, just how it just how it goes, right? The the how it just how it goes, right? The the how it just how it goes, right? The the floor is always rising in some way, floor is always rising in some way, floor is always rising in some way, shape, or form. And so, what that means shape, or form. And so, what that means shape, or form. And so, what that means is if you stay in the same place, okay, is if you stay in the same place, okay, is if you stay in the same place, okay, and the floor is always rising, you're and the floor is always rising, you're and the floor is always rising, you're not staying in the same place. What not staying in the same place. What not staying in the same place. What you're doing relative to the floor is you're doing relative to the floor is you're doing relative to the floor is you're actually going down. That's you're actually going down. That's you're actually going down. That's something that I feel like a lot of something that I feel like a lot of something that I feel like a lot of people don't really understand. The only people don't really understand. The only people don't really understand. The only way to actually maintain growth is way to actually maintain growth is way to actually maintain growth is actually growing. It's kind of like actually growing. It's kind of like actually growing. It's kind of like interest, right? If you aren't interest, right? If you aren't interest, right? If you aren't constantly, you know,

[7:40] constantly, you know, constantly, you know, um you know, accumulating 3 to 4% um you know, accumulating 3 to 4% um you know, accumulating 3 to 4% depends on where you are in the world, depends on where you are in the world, depends on where you are in the world, on an investment, you're not actually on an investment, you're not actually on an investment, you're not actually like making the same amount of money, like making the same amount of money, like making the same amount of money, you're not like leaving your your you're not like leaving your your you're not like leaving your your investments neutral. You're actually investments neutral. You're actually investments neutral. You're actually making less money because the interest making less money because the interest making less money because the interest and the background interest and and the background interest and and the background interest and inflation rate is slowly eating away at inflation rate is slowly eating away at inflation rate is slowly eating away at the buying power that you have. And so the buying power that you have. And so the buying power that you have. And so that's the way I've always thought about that's the way I've always thought about that's the way I've always thought about this business model. I've always thought this business model. I've always thought this business model. I've always thought about it as like, if you're not about it as like, if you're not about it as like, if you're not constantly innovating or improving on constantly innovating or improving on constantly innovating or improving on this business model in some way, shape, this business model in some way, shape, this business model in some way, shape, or form, you know, you are just staying or form, you know, you are just staying or form, you know, you are just staying in the same place, you're decreasing. in the same place, you're decreasing. in the same place, you're decreasing. And you would be well to, assuming this And you would be well to, assuming this And you would be well to, assuming this is something you want to do, like is something you want to do, like is something you want to do, like understand that. Just a good rule of

[8:10] understand that. Just a good rule of understand that. Just a good rule of life in general. Okay, so I've talked life in general. Okay, so I've talked life in general. Okay, so I've talked all day about, you know, scaring the all day about, you know, scaring the all day about, you know, scaring the out of you. What the hell is this out of you. What the hell is this out of you. What the hell is this business model even for then, you know, business model even for then, you know, business model even for then, you know, if AI agents are coming for everything if AI agents are coming for everything if AI agents are coming for everything and blah blah blah. Is it even worth and blah blah blah. Is it even worth and blah blah blah. Is it even worth getting into? Um, and I I got some news getting into? Um, and I I got some news getting into? Um, and I I got some news for you. Is AI automation even worth for you. Is AI automation even worth for you. Is AI automation even worth getting into in 2027? getting into in 2027? getting into in 2027? Well, interestingly, yes. Because Well, interestingly, yes. Because Well, interestingly, yes. Because everything that I've told you so far is everything that I've told you so far is everything that I've told you so far is not actually just happening to AI not actually just happening to AI not actually just happening to AI automation, it's happening to every automation, it's happening to every automation, it's happening to every other industry on Earth. The same thing other industry on Earth. The same thing other industry on Earth. The same thing that I talked about, you know, that I talked about, you know, that I talked about, you know, automation bench, GDP valve,

[8:40] automation bench, GDP valve, automation bench, GDP valve, uh, knowledge asymmetry window uh, knowledge asymmetry window uh, knowledge asymmetry window shrinking, it's happening to all shrinking, it's happening to all shrinking, it's happening to all white-collar knowledge workers. It's white-collar knowledge workers. It's white-collar knowledge workers. It's happening to accounting. It's happening happening to accounting. It's happening happening to accounting. It's happening to marketing systems. It's happening to to marketing systems. It's happening to to marketing systems. It's happening to sales. It's happening to MSPs. It's sales. It's happening to MSPs. It's sales. It's happening to MSPs. It's happening to IT. It's happening to happening to IT. It's happening to happening to IT. It's happening to virtually all internet infrastructure virtually all internet infrastructure virtually all internet infrastructure and architecture out there. and architecture out there. and architecture out there. It's happening in networking. It's It's happening in networking. It's It's happening in networking. It's happening to SaaS apps. It's happening happening to SaaS apps. It's happening happening to SaaS apps. It's happening to like literally design, anything that to like literally design, anything that to like literally design, anything that you could possibly think of. Everything you could possibly think of. Everything you could possibly think of. Everything that I just told you is occurring the that I just told you is occurring the that I just told you is occurring the same in automation as it is to that same in automation as it is to that same in automation as it is to that industry. And so it's not really like, industry. And so it's not really like, industry. And so it's not really like, "Oh my god, AI automation is going down

[9:10] "Oh my god, AI automation is going down "Oh my god, AI automation is going down the tubes. What the hell am I going to the tubes. What the hell am I going to the tubes. What the hell am I going to do?" It's like, "No, literally every do?" It's like, "No, literally every do?" It's like, "No, literally every industry on planet Earth right now, industry on planet Earth right now, industry on planet Earth right now, specifically the white-collar ones, uh, specifically the white-collar ones, uh, specifically the white-collar ones, uh, because those are the ones that are because those are the ones that are because those are the ones that are being first hit because of digitization, being first hit because of digitization, being first hit because of digitization, are being transformed by AI." are being transformed by AI." are being transformed by AI." And the people that are going to win in And the people that are going to win in And the people that are going to win in the next couple of years, presumably the the next couple of years, presumably the the next couple of years, presumably the next few decades as AI continues to next few decades as AI continues to next few decades as AI continues to reshape our economy, reshape our economy, reshape our economy, are not the ones that just sit around in are not the ones that just sit around in are not the ones that just sit around in the same place doing the same things, the same place doing the same things, the same place doing the same things, trying to sell the exact same offers, or trying to sell the exact same offers, or trying to sell the exact same offers, or whatever. They need to kind of get with whatever. They need to kind of get with whatever. They need to kind of get with the times and need to start sort of the times and need to start sort of the times and need to start sort of evolve. Think of like brokers, you know,

[9:40] evolve. Think of like brokers, you know, evolve. Think of like brokers, you know, like real estate brokers or like real estate brokers or like real estate brokers or I don't know, like car dealers or like I don't know, like car dealers or like I don't know, like car dealers or like mortgage brokers or how even a lot of mortgage brokers or how even a lot of mortgage brokers or how even a lot of law. These used to rely on like highly law. These used to rely on like highly law. These used to rely on like highly specialized knowledge specialized knowledge specialized knowledge in a domain that was very risk in a domain that was very risk in a domain that was very risk asymmetric where there's a lot of risk asymmetric where there's a lot of risk asymmetric where there's a lot of risk if things went wrong. If things went if things went wrong. If things went if things went wrong. If things went right, it was like, oh yeah, I guess right, it was like, oh yeah, I guess right, it was like, oh yeah, I guess it's kind of okay. Back in the day you it's kind of okay. Back in the day you it's kind of okay. Back in the day you used to have to pay these people tons of used to have to pay these people tons of used to have to pay these people tons of money in order to basically facilitate money in order to basically facilitate money in order to basically facilitate any transaction on planet Earth. And any transaction on planet Earth. And any transaction on planet Earth. And nowadays, most of the time you can just nowadays, most of the time you can just nowadays, most of the time you can just go on a website and directly purchase go on a website and directly purchase go on a website and directly purchase something. Most of the time these are

[10:11] something. Most of the time these are something. Most of the time these are the appendice appendix of like the the appendice appendix of like the the appendice appendix of like the modern economy. They're like slow, modern economy. They're like slow, modern economy. They're like slow, laborious things that are just between laborious things that are just between laborious things that are just between an Apple Pay payment and then you an Apple Pay payment and then you an Apple Pay payment and then you getting the thing that you want. You getting the thing that you want. You getting the thing that you want. You know, I'm looking for a commercial lease know, I'm looking for a commercial lease know, I'm looking for a commercial lease right now. And while I like the guy a right now. And while I like the guy a right now. And while I like the guy a lot, you know, it's it's quite difficult lot, you know, it's it's quite difficult lot, you know, it's it's quite difficult have to go through this intermediary have to go through this intermediary have to go through this intermediary process to ultimately do what I should process to ultimately do what I should process to ultimately do what I should be able to do at the click of a button. be able to do at the click of a button. be able to do at the click of a button. And so those are relics of, you know, And so those are relics of, you know, And so those are relics of, you know, like a past sort of environment just like a past sort of environment just like a past sort of environment just like I think most white-collar knowledge like I think most white-collar knowledge like I think most white-collar knowledge work today including AI automation will work today including AI automation will work today including AI automation will be relics of be relics of be relics of past environment looking forward. This

[10:41] past environment looking forward. This past environment looking forward. This is a wider shift I think we as a society is a wider shift I think we as a society is a wider shift I think we as a society have been under the process of for the have been under the process of for the have been under the process of for the better part of the last 20 or 30 years. better part of the last 20 or 30 years. better part of the last 20 or 30 years. Now, the difference is with our Now, the difference is with our Now, the difference is with our industry, and this is really the point industry, and this is really the point industry, and this is really the point to understand, which is why I decided to to understand, which is why I decided to to understand, which is why I decided to bury it 10 minutes into the video. bury it 10 minutes into the video. bury it 10 minutes into the video. The difference is in a world where all The difference is in a world where all The difference is in a world where all labor is being automated away, what is labor is being automated away, what is labor is being automated away, what is more valuable than the very industry more valuable than the very industry more valuable than the very industry that is automating it all away? If the that is automating it all away? If the that is automating it all away? If the danger to the economy is that AI is danger to the economy is that AI is danger to the economy is that AI is going to replace you, well, if you could going to replace you, well, if you could going to replace you, well, if you could pick one industry to be in, what

[11:11] pick one industry to be in, what pick one industry to be in, what industry would it be in? Would it be in industry would it be in? Would it be in industry would it be in? Would it be in accounting or would it be in, accounting or would it be in, accounting or would it be in, you know, the industry that does the you know, the industry that does the you know, the industry that does the replacing? Well, my money's on the replacing? Well, my money's on the replacing? Well, my money's on the industry that does the replacing. And so industry that does the replacing. And so industry that does the replacing. And so this isn't really a thesis. this isn't really a thesis. this isn't really a thesis. You know, it's it's a fact. You know, it's it's a fact. You know, it's it's a fact. Realistically, these are the systems Realistically, these are the systems Realistically, these are the systems that are automating away the work of that are automating away the work of that are automating away the work of everybody else. everybody else. everybody else. It's kind of why we're paid, right? The It's kind of why we're paid, right? The It's kind of why we're paid, right? The whole idea of automation is that it the whole idea of automation is that it the whole idea of automation is that it the use of technology to reduce labor. I've use of technology to reduce labor. I've use of technology to reduce labor. I've memorized that definition. Um memorized that definition. Um memorized that definition. Um So, in a world where virtually all So, in a world where virtually all So, in a world where virtually all arbitrage windows are shrinking, and in

[11:42] arbitrage windows are shrinking, and in arbitrage windows are shrinking, and in addition to that, virtually all addition to that, virtually all addition to that, virtually all knowledge work is being automated away, knowledge work is being automated away, knowledge work is being automated away, is there any industry you would rather is there any industry you would rather is there any industry you would rather be in than the one that is literally be in than the one that is literally be in than the one that is literally doing the automating? AI automation has doing the automating? AI automation has doing the automating? AI automation has probably the most staying power out of probably the most staying power out of probably the most staying power out of any industry on Earth. We are literally any industry on Earth. We are literally any industry on Earth. We are literally the irrigation canal by which the the irrigation canal by which the the irrigation canal by which the upstream river, you know, uh irrigates upstream river, you know, uh irrigates upstream river, you know, uh irrigates and then feeds the seeds that are the and then feeds the seeds that are the and then feeds the seeds that are the economy. We are the fingers of the hand economy. We are the fingers of the hand economy. We are the fingers of the hand of the brain of, you know, the wider of the brain of, you know, the wider of the brain of, you know, the wider economy. We are basically the things economy. We are basically the things economy. We are basically the things that are going out there and interacting that are going out there and interacting that are going out there and interacting with the businesses, uh you know,

[12:12] with the businesses, uh you know, with the businesses, uh you know, upskilling them, teaching them, building upskilling them, teaching them, building upskilling them, teaching them, building systems for them, and so on and so systems for them, and so on and so systems for them, and so on and so forth, that enable their automation. forth, that enable their automation. forth, that enable their automation. And I think if you deeply understand And I think if you deeply understand And I think if you deeply understand this, you'll also deeply understand what this, you'll also deeply understand what this, you'll also deeply understand what a responsibility we all have. Not just a responsibility we all have. Not just a responsibility we all have. Not just to do this responsibly, but to do this to do this responsibly, but to do this to do this responsibly, but to do this as effectively as humanly possible. I as effectively as humanly possible. I as effectively as humanly possible. I mean, we are tasked with basically being mean, we are tasked with basically being mean, we are tasked with basically being the flag bearers from economy 1.0 to the flag bearers from economy 1.0 to the flag bearers from economy 1.0 to economy 2.0. We are basically boots on economy 2.0. We are basically boots on economy 2.0. We are basically boots on the ground bringing about this new the ground bringing about this new the ground bringing about this new rebellion, this new this new way of rebellion, this new this new way of rebellion, this new this new way of thinking, way of life. thinking, way of life. thinking, way of life. You know, the future economy will not be

[12:42] You know, the future economy will not be You know, the future economy will not be mediated by people. It will be mediated mediated by people. It will be mediated mediated by people. It will be mediated by machines that are the successors and by machines that are the successors and by machines that are the successors and descendants of the sorts of systems that descendants of the sorts of systems that descendants of the sorts of systems that you and I are building for people right you and I are building for people right you and I are building for people right now. And so, if you think about it this now. And so, if you think about it this now. And so, if you think about it this way, if you think about it as like a way, if you think about it as like a way, if you think about it as like a like like like an existential no noble like like like an existential no noble like like like an existential no noble task, if you think about it as like task, if you think about it as like task, if you think about it as like something that is almost God-given to something that is almost God-given to something that is almost God-given to you, you know, I think you'll probably you, you know, I think you'll probably you, you know, I think you'll probably find that AI automation is not something find that AI automation is not something find that AI automation is not something worrying to be in or something scary. worrying to be in or something scary. worrying to be in or something scary. Like, it's actually probably the dopest Like, it's actually probably the dopest Like, it's actually probably the dopest ever, pardon my French. So, here's ever, pardon my French. So, here's ever, pardon my French. So, here's what I predict is going to occur over what I predict is going to occur over what I predict is going to occur over the next little bit. And here's what I the next little bit. And here's what I the next little bit. And here's what I would recommend you guys do as people

[13:13] would recommend you guys do as people would recommend you guys do as people that are obviously, you know, wanting to that are obviously, you know, wanting to that are obviously, you know, wanting to improve their ability to grow in an improve their ability to grow in an improve their ability to grow in an environment like this. environment like this. environment like this. The first is that I predict that over The first is that I predict that over The first is that I predict that over the course of maybe like the early half the course of maybe like the early half the course of maybe like the early half of 2027, of 2027, of 2027, probably not all of 2027 cuz things probably not all of 2027 cuz things probably not all of 2027 cuz things accelerate, but over the first half of accelerate, but over the first half of accelerate, but over the first half of 2027, a big portion of humanity is going 2027, a big portion of humanity is going 2027, a big portion of humanity is going to wake up to the fact that AI has to wake up to the fact that AI has to wake up to the fact that AI has totally blindsided them and is capable totally blindsided them and is capable totally blindsided them and is capable of way more than they ever gave AI of way more than they ever gave AI of way more than they ever gave AI credit for. The little chatbot can now credit for. The little chatbot can now credit for. The little chatbot can now build my entire business. What the hell? build my entire business. What the hell? build my entire business. What the hell? That sort of effect for us is not That sort of effect for us is not That sort of effect for us is not actually a bad thing because a big chunk

[13:43] actually a bad thing because a big chunk actually a bad thing because a big chunk of those people that are going to be of those people that are going to be of those people that are going to be having those realizations are going to having those realizations are going to having those realizations are going to be business owners. be business owners. be business owners. People that have lots of money but don't People that have lots of money but don't People that have lots of money but don't have a lot of time because their heads have a lot of time because their heads have a lot of time because their heads were down in their businesses this whole were down in their businesses this whole were down in their businesses this whole time. That's why they're only figuring time. That's why they're only figuring time. That's why they're only figuring out about it now. out about it now. out about it now. And so when they duck their heads up, And so when they duck their heads up, And so when they duck their heads up, take a breath of oxygen, they're going take a breath of oxygen, they're going take a breath of oxygen, they're going to look around and see how different the to look around and see how different the to look around and see how different the landscape has shifted and think, "Holy landscape has shifted and think, "Holy landscape has shifted and think, "Holy crap, I need to figure this stuff out." crap, I need to figure this stuff out." crap, I need to figure this stuff out." And who are they going to want to work And who are they going to want to work And who are they going to want to work with? Are they going to want to work with? Are they going to want to work with? Are they going to want to work with a machine? Or are these older with a machine? Or are these older with a machine? Or are these older school business owners, the ones that school business owners, the ones that school business owners, the ones that are busy generating capital with old are busy generating capital with old are busy generating capital with old school systems that they know, going to school systems that they know, going to school systems that they know, going to want to work with a real flesh and blood

[14:14] want to work with a real flesh and blood want to work with a real flesh and blood human? Obviously they're going to want human? Obviously they're going to want human? Obviously they're going to want to work with a real flesh and blood to work with a real flesh and blood to work with a real flesh and blood human, right? human, right? human, right? At least initially. And so At least initially. And so At least initially. And so there'll be a massive surge in interest there'll be a massive surge in interest there'll be a massive surge in interest for people like ourselves that can help for people like ourselves that can help for people like ourselves that can help them implement these systems. The caveat them implement these systems. The caveat them implement these systems. The caveat is what that help looks like is a little is what that help looks like is a little is what that help looks like is a little bit different than what it is up until bit different than what it is up until bit different than what it is up until now. What has been up until now is now. What has been up until now is now. What has been up until now is usually implementing like, you know, AI usually implementing like, you know, AI usually implementing like, you know, AI infrastructure. So some sort of like infrastructure. So some sort of like infrastructure. So some sort of like lead gen system or I don't know, ad lead gen system or I don't know, ad lead gen system or I don't know, ad creative generation system or, automated creative generation system or, automated creative generation system or, automated proposal generation system or, you know, proposal generation system or, you know, proposal generation system or, you know, pipeline delivery systems or, I don't pipeline delivery systems or, I don't pipeline delivery systems or, I don't know, ERPs or whatever the hell. Um in

[14:45] know, ERPs or whatever the hell. Um in know, ERPs or whatever the hell. Um in the future what it's probably going to the future what it's probably going to the future what it's probably going to look like is actually more like look like is actually more like look like is actually more like strategic um high-level advice. In a strategic um high-level advice. In a strategic um high-level advice. In a world where everybody can build world where everybody can build world where everybody can build virtually anything, it's not important virtually anything, it's not important virtually anything, it's not important how fast or how capable you are at how fast or how capable you are at how fast or how capable you are at building. What is is like, what are you building. What is is like, what are you building. What is is like, what are you going to build in the first place? Like going to build in the first place? Like going to build in the first place? Like how are you actually going to like build how are you actually going to like build how are you actually going to like build the, you know, irrigation canal of the the, you know, irrigation canal of the the, you know, irrigation canal of the future? future? future? And so in the first half of 2027 we'll And so in the first half of 2027 we'll And so in the first half of 2027 we'll probably see a big boost of this. Uh the probably see a big boost of this. Uh the probably see a big boost of this. Uh the reason why as well is because a bunch of reason why as well is because a bunch of reason why as well is because a bunch of people that aren't doing it are going to people that aren't doing it are going to people that aren't doing it are going to look around at their competitors that look around at their competitors that look around at their competitors that are doing it who are crushing them and are doing it who are crushing them and are doing it who are crushing them and they're going to think, "Holy I they're going to think, "Holy I they're going to think, "Holy I got to start juicing to keep up." And got to start juicing to keep up." And got to start juicing to keep up." And they're going to look for the nearest AI they're going to look for the nearest AI they're going to look for the nearest AI automation person to assist them with

[15:15] automation person to assist them with automation person to assist them with that. Um after 2027, I don't know. I that. Um after 2027, I don't know. I that. Um after 2027, I don't know. I wish I could say I knew. But with wish I could say I knew. But with wish I could say I knew. But with technology increasing so exponentially technology increasing so exponentially technology increasing so exponentially fast, I think it'd be intellectually fast, I think it'd be intellectually fast, I think it'd be intellectually dishonest for me to sit here and say, dishonest for me to sit here and say, dishonest for me to sit here and say, "Oh yeah, for sure X, Y, and Z will will "Oh yeah, for sure X, Y, and Z will will "Oh yeah, for sure X, Y, and Z will will will be a sure fire bet and you should will be a sure fire bet and you should will be a sure fire bet and you should absolutely keep doing X, Y, and Z." absolutely keep doing X, Y, and Z." absolutely keep doing X, Y, and Z." There are a lot of people on the There are a lot of people on the There are a lot of people on the internet that are going to pretend that internet that are going to pretend that internet that are going to pretend that they know. The unfortunate thing is in they know. The unfortunate thing is in they know. The unfortunate thing is in times of distress and also in times of times of distress and also in times of times of distress and also in times of great change, people usually flock to great change, people usually flock to great change, people usually flock to those that seem like they know, but the those that seem like they know, but the those that seem like they know, but the reality is most of them do not know. And reality is most of them do not know. And reality is most of them do not know. And so hopefully there is at least a little so hopefully there is at least a little so hopefully there is at least a little bit of intellectual humility there and bit of intellectual humility there and bit of intellectual humility there and you guys will give me the grace to just

[15:45] you guys will give me the grace to just you guys will give me the grace to just say, "I don't know. Industry changes say, "I don't know. Industry changes say, "I don't know. Industry changes pretty damn fast." Regardless, what pretty damn fast." Regardless, what pretty damn fast." Regardless, what industry would you rather be in than the industry would you rather be in than the industry would you rather be in than the one that is literally doing the one that is literally doing the one that is literally doing the automating, right? So whether or not automating, right? So whether or not automating, right? So whether or not there's a bigger boost in interest post there's a bigger boost in interest post there's a bigger boost in interest post 2027 or whether that interest dies off a 2027 or whether that interest dies off a 2027 or whether that interest dies off a little bit and starts to decline at the little bit and starts to decline at the little bit and starts to decline at the end of 2027, I think that's up for, you end of 2027, I think that's up for, you end of 2027, I think that's up for, you know, men in the sky with a big beard know, men in the sky with a big beard know, men in the sky with a big beard and maybe a lightning bolt to decide. Um and maybe a lightning bolt to decide. Um and maybe a lightning bolt to decide. Um what do you do about it now? Obviously. what do you do about it now? Obviously. what do you do about it now? Obviously. Why do I always bury these things at the Why do I always bury these things at the Why do I always bury these things at the end of the video? I don't know. Well, end of the video? I don't know. Well, end of the video? I don't know. Well, we're going to see a phasing out of old we're going to see a phasing out of old we're going to see a phasing out of old school drag and drop builders like school drag and drop builders like school drag and drop builders like make.com, Zapier, um and A&amp;N, Power

[16:17] make.com, Zapier, um and A&amp;N, Power make.com, Zapier, um and A&amp;N, Power Automate, and so on, almost entirely. In Automate, and so on, almost entirely. In Automate, and so on, almost entirely. In Maker School, which is my um AI Maker School, which is my um AI Maker School, which is my um AI automation program where I basically get automation program where I basically get automation program where I basically get you up and running and get guarantee you up and running and get guarantee you up and running and get guarantee your first customer in 90 days. We have your first customer in 90 days. We have your first customer in 90 days. We have people that run like analyses on the people that run like analyses on the people that run like analyses on the market. They run constant analyses on market. They run constant analyses on market. They run constant analyses on freelance platforms. They run analyses freelance platforms. They run analyses freelance platforms. They run analyses of a variety of different things. But um of a variety of different things. But um of a variety of different things. But um we've seen consistent declines in the we've seen consistent declines in the we've seen consistent declines in the total project ratios of drag and drop total project ratios of drag and drop total project ratios of drag and drop builder tools relative to new markets builder tools relative to new markets builder tools relative to new markets like Claude Code, Codex, um you know, like Claude Code, Codex, um you know, like Claude Code, Codex, um you know, internal web apps,

[16:47] internal web apps, internal web apps, uh uh you know, systems, pipelines, uh uh you know, systems, pipelines, uh uh you know, systems, pipelines, consulting, and so on, etc. And so we're consulting, and so on, etc. And so we're consulting, and so on, etc. And so we're likely going to continue seeing that likely going to continue seeing that likely going to continue seeing that unless one of these wonderful platforms unless one of these wonderful platforms unless one of these wonderful platforms has like a total change of heart and has like a total change of heart and has like a total change of heart and actually become super awesome and actually become super awesome and actually become super awesome and fantastic, which I do not consider fantastic, which I do not consider fantastic, which I do not consider likely. The next thing that I would likely. The next thing that I would likely. The next thing that I would recommend is moving your outputs to a recommend is moving your outputs to a recommend is moving your outputs to a higher bandwidth medium. What I mean by higher bandwidth medium. What I mean by higher bandwidth medium. What I mean by this is previously it was enough to this is previously it was enough to this is previously it was enough to build a system that just generated text, build a system that just generated text, build a system that just generated text, let's say, or maybe some sort of simple let's say, or maybe some sort of simple let's say, or maybe some sort of simple imagery in a proposal or whatever. But imagery in a proposal or whatever. But imagery in a proposal or whatever. But because of the rising floor, today there because of the rising floor, today there because of the rising floor, today there is a a large market and there will

[17:17] is a a large market and there will is a a large market and there will continue to be an even larger market for continue to be an even larger market for continue to be an even larger market for um higher bandwidth modalities. So, um higher bandwidth modalities. So, um higher bandwidth modalities. So, think about text to image. You know, think about text to image. You know, think about text to image. You know, they say a picture is worth a thousand they say a picture is worth a thousand they say a picture is worth a thousand words. Well, you know, video is worth 24 words. Well, you know, video is worth 24 words. Well, you know, video is worth 24 pictures a second. Therefore, it's worth pictures a second. Therefore, it's worth pictures a second. Therefore, it's worth 24,000 words a second. Um I don't know. 24,000 words a second. Um I don't know. 24,000 words a second. Um I don't know. How about some sort of 4D Gaussian How about some sort of 4D Gaussian How about some sort of 4D Gaussian splat? That's probably worth even more. splat? That's probably worth even more. splat? That's probably worth even more. How about like some sort of How about like some sort of How about like some sort of three-dimensional visualization or some three-dimensional visualization or some three-dimensional visualization or some sort of, you know, simulation tool that sort of, you know, simulation tool that sort of, you know, simulation tool that allows somebody that installs air allows somebody that installs air allows somebody that installs air conditioning panels or whatever to like conditioning panels or whatever to like conditioning panels or whatever to like actually get in there. Stuff like this actually get in there. Stuff like this actually get in there. Stuff like this is going to grow increasingly valuable. is going to grow increasingly valuable. is going to grow increasingly valuable. And so, this is really like the place And so, this is really like the place And so, this is really like the place where you should be meeting people if where you should be meeting people if where you should be meeting people if you're selling implementation. Now, on

[17:47] you're selling implementation. Now, on you're selling implementation. Now, on the implementation bit, the industry is the implementation bit, the industry is the implementation bit, the industry is likely going to change from primarily AI likely going to change from primarily AI likely going to change from primarily AI implementation services like we're implementation services like we're implementation services like we're seeing right now, where you actually seeing right now, where you actually seeing right now, where you actually build the systems for the clients, where build the systems for the clients, where build the systems for the clients, where you connect the endpoints, you know, you connect the endpoints, you know, you connect the endpoints, you know, read the API docs, do all of the the read the API docs, do all of the the read the API docs, do all of the the funky stuff, and then, you know, give funky stuff, and then, you know, give funky stuff, and then, you know, give them a working system, to more education them a working system, to more education them a working system, to more education services, more uplifting services. So, services, more uplifting services. So, services, more uplifting services. So, think less AI implementation. Keep in think less AI implementation. Keep in think less AI implementation. Keep in mind, this is not all or nothing, one to mind, this is not all or nothing, one to mind, this is not all or nothing, one to zero. This is like, you know, 70% of all zero. This is like, you know, 70% of all zero. This is like, you know, 70% of all work to like 50% or 40% of all work. Uh work to like 50% or 40% of all work. Uh work to like 50% or 40% of all work. Uh but it's going to shift from AI but it's going to shift from AI but it's going to shift from AI implementation more to upskilling. It's

[18:17] implementation more to upskilling. It's implementation more to upskilling. It's going to shift to workshops. It's going going to shift to workshops. It's going going to shift to workshops. It's going to shift to team training. It's going to to shift to team training. It's going to to shift to team training. It's going to shift to um you know, essentially like shift to um you know, essentially like shift to um you know, essentially like consulting on companies and then being consulting on companies and then being consulting on companies and then being embedded within a company to help, you embedded within a company to help, you embedded within a company to help, you know, improve their teams as people gain know, improve their teams as people gain know, improve their teams as people gain more ability to do the implementations more ability to do the implementations more ability to do the implementations themselves and merely need somebody to themselves and merely need somebody to themselves and merely need somebody to help get their team up to speed on that help get their team up to speed on that help get their team up to speed on that fact as well. And so, we recently added fact as well. And so, we recently added fact as well. And so, we recently added a big like workshop uh portion to Maker a big like workshop uh portion to Maker a big like workshop uh portion to Maker School specific specifically for that School specific specifically for that School specific specifically for that reason. Um I was getting a lot of reason. Um I was getting a lot of reason. Um I was getting a lot of workshop gigs, a lot of other people in workshop gigs, a lot of other people in workshop gigs, a lot of other people in Maker Square getting a lot of workshop Maker Square getting a lot of workshop Maker Square getting a lot of workshop gigs. And we're kind of just like, "Hmm, gigs. And we're kind of just like, "Hmm, gigs. And we're kind of just like, "Hmm, I wonder why so many people want

[18:47] I wonder why so many people want I wonder why so many people want workshops all of a sudden?" And I think workshops all of a sudden?" And I think workshops all of a sudden?" And I think it's a rumbling of what is to come here. it's a rumbling of what is to come here. it's a rumbling of what is to come here. Um you know, Aaron Yeager walking across Um you know, Aaron Yeager walking across Um you know, Aaron Yeager walking across No, I'm just kidding. I love that show. No, I'm just kidding. I love that show. No, I'm just kidding. I love that show. All of this again means that businesses All of this again means that businesses All of this again means that businesses will want less stuff to build and more will want less stuff to build and more will want less stuff to build and more direction around what it is that they direction around what it is that they direction around what it is that they should build in the first place. Um they should build in the first place. Um they should build in the first place. Um they should also be able to, you know, should also be able to, you know, should also be able to, you know, meaningfully cooperate in a team and meaningfully cooperate in a team and meaningfully cooperate in a team and they just got like a one-click config they just got like a one-click config they just got like a one-click config that helps them just get up and running. that helps them just get up and running. that helps them just get up and running. So, think stuff like, you know, Claude So, think stuff like, you know, Claude So, think stuff like, you know, Claude Co-work instead of Claude Code Co-work instead of Claude Code Co-work instead of Claude Code necessarily. One big thing that I've necessarily. One big thing that I've necessarily. One big thing that I've been doing recently is going into teams been doing recently is going into teams been doing recently is going into teams and then teaching them how to use Claude

[19:17] and then teaching them how to use Claude and then teaching them how to use Claude in a general sense, then teaching them in a general sense, then teaching them in a general sense, then teaching them specific tactical ways to use Claude specific tactical ways to use Claude specific tactical ways to use Claude co-work, and then I am sort of like the co-work, and then I am sort of like the co-work, and then I am sort of like the supreme hegemon of the work workshop supreme hegemon of the work workshop supreme hegemon of the work workshop session will use Claude code to build session will use Claude code to build session will use Claude code to build the skills for their Claude co-work the skills for their Claude co-work the skills for their Claude co-work admin who will then distribute that to admin who will then distribute that to admin who will then distribute that to all the team members and then upskill. all the team members and then upskill. all the team members and then upskill. I'll also give them like weekly I'll also give them like weekly I'll also give them like weekly schedules and ways to like upgrade their schedules and ways to like upgrade their schedules and ways to like upgrade their skills that everybody in the team has skills that everybody in the team has skills that everybody in the team has approximately the same level of AI approximately the same level of AI approximately the same level of AI automation capability. automation capability. automation capability. You know, because obviously naturally You know, because obviously naturally You know, because obviously naturally disparities arise and stuff like that. disparities arise and stuff like that. disparities arise and stuff like that. So, building offerings like that with So, building offerings like that with So, building offerings like that with that structure are likely to be the big

[19:48] that structure are likely to be the big that structure are likely to be the big cash cow over the course of I want to cash cow over the course of I want to cash cow over the course of I want to say like early to mid 2027. In addition, say like early to mid 2027. In addition, say like early to mid 2027. In addition, AI automation for short-term growth AI automation for short-term growth AI automation for short-term growth hacking opportunities will likely be hacking opportunities will likely be hacking opportunities will likely be super valuable. super valuable. super valuable. When I say short-term growth hacking When I say short-term growth hacking When I say short-term growth hacking opportunities, if you think about it in opportunities, if you think about it in opportunities, if you think about it in a more dynamic market, the frequency of a more dynamic market, the frequency of a more dynamic market, the frequency of opportunities is going to increase. opportunities is going to increase. opportunities is going to increase. There's going to be more opportunities, There's going to be more opportunities, There's going to be more opportunities, okay? But, the total lifespan of every okay? But, the total lifespan of every okay? But, the total lifespan of every one individual opportunity will also go one individual opportunity will also go one individual opportunity will also go down. So, there's going to be a lot of down. So, there's going to be a lot of down. So, there's going to be a lot of like short-lived market opportunities like short-lived market opportunities like short-lived market opportunities where I don't know if you guys know where I don't know if you guys know where I don't know if you guys know anything about trading, but like you can anything about trading, but like you can anything about trading, but like you can buy and sell it sort of like ride the buy and sell it sort of like ride the buy and sell it sort of like ride the ride the dip over and over and over and

[20:18] ride the dip over and over and over and ride the dip over and over and over and over and over again because there's just over and over again because there's just over and over again because there's just going to be a lot of people entering the going to be a lot of people entering the going to be a lot of people entering the market with quick needs that are going market with quick needs that are going market with quick needs that are going to be quickly satisfied by, you know, to be quickly satisfied by, you know, to be quickly satisfied by, you know, autonomous beings. autonomous beings. autonomous beings. There's also going to be a lot of large There's also going to be a lot of large There's also going to be a lot of large opportunities there with asymmetric opportunities there with asymmetric opportunities there with asymmetric returns if you're capable of like returns if you're capable of like returns if you're capable of like spotting something early, jumping in on spotting something early, jumping in on spotting something early, jumping in on it, and so on and so forth. So, we're, it, and so on and so forth. So, we're, it, and so on and so forth. So, we're, you know, going to like the abstraction you know, going to like the abstraction you know, going to like the abstraction now a little bit which I know people now a little bit which I know people now a little bit which I know people don't really give a about, so I'll don't really give a about, so I'll don't really give a about, so I'll reel it back in to, you know, something reel it back in to, you know, something reel it back in to, you know, something practical. Like we've seen over the practical. Like we've seen over the practical. Like we've seen over the course of the last 5 years and like I've course of the last 5 years and like I've course of the last 5 years and like I've talked about every single year since I talked about every single year since I talked about every single year since I started, you know, making content on started, you know, making content on started, you know, making content on YouTube, hell, really just working in

[20:49] YouTube, hell, really just working in YouTube, hell, really just working in business and and consulting, the business and and consulting, the business and and consulting, the technical skill aspect of business has technical skill aspect of business has technical skill aspect of business has virtually evaporated today. If you spend virtually evaporated today. If you spend virtually evaporated today. If you spend any of your time improving your any of your time improving your any of your time improving your technical skills, you need to spend 100x technical skills, you need to spend 100x technical skills, you need to spend 100x the same units of time focusing on the same units of time focusing on the same units of time focusing on improving your sales, marketing, and improving your sales, marketing, and improving your sales, marketing, and delivery systems. That's what you should delivery systems. That's what you should delivery systems. That's what you should really be focused on. You should not be really be focused on. You should not be really be focused on. You should not be focused on, "Wow, what's the best focused on, "Wow, what's the best focused on, "Wow, what's the best harness to use to coral my agentic harness to use to coral my agentic harness to use to coral my agentic engineering workflow?" You should be engineering workflow?" You should be engineering workflow?" You should be focused on, "Okay, how can we sell as focused on, "Okay, how can we sell as focused on, "Okay, how can we sell as many people as possible in the next, you

[21:19] many people as possible in the next, you many people as possible in the next, you know, 2 months? Uh what is our funnel know, 2 months? Uh what is our funnel know, 2 months? Uh what is our funnel looking like? How what are we leaking looking like? How what are we leaking looking like? How what are we leaking in? Uh where are people falling off our in? Uh where are people falling off our in? Uh where are people falling off our funnel? What sorts of wording am I funnel? What sorts of wording am I funnel? What sorts of wording am I saying on the sales call? How am I saying on the sales call? How am I saying on the sales call? How am I pitching my social proof? Uh you know, pitching my social proof? Uh you know, pitching my social proof? Uh you know, am I demonstrating authority? Are we am I demonstrating authority? Are we am I demonstrating authority? Are we asking for the close? Are we following asking for the close? Are we following asking for the close? Are we following up on the close? What sort of up on the close? What sort of up on the close? What sort of dispositions do we have for inbound ad dispositions do we have for inbound ad dispositions do we have for inbound ad campaigns? And so on and so forth." So, campaigns? And so on and so forth." So, campaigns? And so on and so forth." So, everything to do with sales and everything to do with sales and everything to do with sales and marketing is like 100x as valuable as marketing is like 100x as valuable as marketing is like 100x as valuable as technical skills. Last year, it maybe technical skills. Last year, it maybe technical skills. Last year, it maybe was 10x as valuable. Now, it's 100x as was 10x as valuable. Now, it's 100x as was 10x as valuable. Now, it's 100x as valuable. In the next year, it's valuable. In the next year, it's valuable. In the next year, it's probably going to be 1,000x as valuable probably going to be 1,000x as valuable probably going to be 1,000x as valuable cuz everybody on planet Earth is going

[21:49] cuz everybody on planet Earth is going cuz everybody on planet Earth is going to have technical skills. Not actually to have technical skills. Not actually to have technical skills. Not actually technical skills, but they're going to technical skills, but they're going to technical skills, but they're going to have the ability to, you know, simulate have the ability to, you know, simulate have the ability to, you know, simulate technical skills with agents. If you technical skills with agents. If you technical skills with agents. If you really want to compete in 2028, 2029, really want to compete in 2028, 2029, really want to compete in 2028, 2029, and 2030, you got to be focused on and 2030, you got to be focused on and 2030, you got to be focused on actually articulating the benefits of actually articulating the benefits of actually articulating the benefits of services and understanding just the services and understanding just the services and understanding just the mechanics of business in general. All mechanics of business in general. All mechanics of business in general. All this to say, realistically, 2027 will this to say, realistically, 2027 will this to say, realistically, 2027 will probably be the most profitable year of probably be the most profitable year of probably be the most profitable year of AI automation to date. But, it may also AI automation to date. But, it may also AI automation to date. But, it may also be the beginning of its decline in the be the beginning of its decline in the be the beginning of its decline in the market. Whether that decline takes, you market. Whether that decline takes, you market. Whether that decline takes, you know, 5 years, 10 years, 15 years, know, 5 years, 10 years, 15 years, know, 5 years, 10 years, 15 years, whether, you know, AGI makes a freaking

[22:20] whether, you know, AGI makes a freaking whether, you know, AGI makes a freaking black hole in the center of the Earth black hole in the center of the Earth black hole in the center of the Earth and it swallows us all up tomorrow, who and it swallows us all up tomorrow, who and it swallows us all up tomorrow, who knows? Um but, with the industry's level knows? Um but, with the industry's level knows? Um but, with the industry's level of commoditization and capability of AI of commoditization and capability of AI of commoditization and capability of AI agents to produce outputs similar to agents to produce outputs similar to agents to produce outputs similar to humans increasing, you know, things are humans increasing, you know, things are humans increasing, you know, things are obviously going to change and I figured obviously going to change and I figured obviously going to change and I figured I would help you guys out on that I would help you guys out on that I would help you guys out on that change, on that evolution. So, I didn't change, on that evolution. So, I didn't change, on that evolution. So, I didn't make this video cuz I wanted to scare make this video cuz I wanted to scare make this video cuz I wanted to scare people. I made this video precisely for people. I made this video precisely for people. I made this video precisely for the opposite reason because I wanted to the opposite reason because I wanted to the opposite reason because I wanted to help people and I also wanted people to help people and I also wanted people to help people and I also wanted people to grow towards a more effective business grow towards a more effective business grow towards a more effective business model. model. model. Um you know, I know a lot of the Um you know, I know a lot of the Um you know, I know a lot of the comments are probably not like that and comments are probably not like that and comments are probably not like that and they'll probably be like, "Oh, Nick, they'll probably be like, "Oh, Nick, they'll probably be like, "Oh, Nick, what the hell are you talking about?"

[22:50] what the hell are you talking about?" what the hell are you talking about?" because they just don't want, you know, because they just don't want, you know, because they just don't want, you know, fear, uncertainty, and, you know, doubt. fear, uncertainty, and, you know, doubt. fear, uncertainty, and, you know, doubt. But, I'm not fudding for no reason, But, I'm not fudding for no reason, But, I'm not fudding for no reason, guys. I mean, we have Navier-Stokes guys. I mean, we have Navier-Stokes guys. I mean, we have Navier-Stokes mathematical millennium uh problems in mathematical millennium uh problems in mathematical millennium uh problems in math being solved by agents. We have math being solved by agents. We have math being solved by agents. We have agents designing cool works of art now. agents designing cool works of art now. agents designing cool works of art now. Like, let's be freaking real here, Like, let's be freaking real here, Like, let's be freaking real here, right? Like, agents are growing right? Like, agents are growing right? Like, agents are growing extremely powerful and it would be extremely powerful and it would be extremely powerful and it would be remiss of you not to at least think remiss of you not to at least think remiss of you not to at least think about what that means for the next about what that means for the next about what that means for the next couple of years. couple of years. couple of years. So, if you wanted to make money with So, if you wanted to make money with So, if you wanted to make money with this business model, insert sales pitch this business model, insert sales pitch this business model, insert sales pitch here. No, you guys should check out here. No, you guys should check out here. No, you guys should check out Maker School. Um it's my AI automation Maker School. Um it's my AI automation Maker School. Um it's my AI automation program where I guarantee you your first program where I guarantee you your first program where I guarantee you your first customer in 90 days or I give you your customer in 90 days or I give you your customer in 90 days or I give you your money back.

[23:20] money back. money back. Um we have over 2,000 people in there Um we have over 2,000 people in there Um we have over 2,000 people in there that do this thing on a daily basis. that do this thing on a daily basis. that do this thing on a daily basis. They are selling AI workshops, they're They are selling AI workshops, they're They are selling AI workshops, they're selling AI consulting, they're selling AI consulting, they're selling AI consulting, they're constantly up to date on the best ways constantly up to date on the best ways constantly up to date on the best ways to deliver AI implementation, they share to deliver AI implementation, they share to deliver AI implementation, they share notes around sales, marketing, on what's notes around sales, marketing, on what's notes around sales, marketing, on what's actually working in our industry. We actually working in our industry. We actually working in our industry. We also give around $20,000 in discounts, also give around $20,000 in discounts, also give around $20,000 in discounts, meaning you will immediately at least meaning you will immediately at least meaning you will immediately at least 10x your investment the moment that you 10x your investment the moment that you 10x your investment the moment that you walk in. And of course it's guaranteed. walk in. And of course it's guaranteed. walk in. And of course it's guaranteed. What better offer could you possibly ask What better offer could you possibly ask What better offer could you possibly ask for? AI automation by definition is the for? AI automation by definition is the for? AI automation by definition is the use of technology to reduce human labor. use of technology to reduce human labor. use of technology to reduce human labor. I would rather be in an industry that

[23:50] I would rather be in an industry that I would rather be in an industry that does the reducing of human labor than be does the reducing of human labor than be does the reducing of human labor than be in an industry that gets automated away. in an industry that gets automated away. in an industry that gets automated away. I'm sure you guys feel the same way. I'm sure you guys feel the same way. I'm sure you guys feel the same way. Catch all y'all in the next video. See Catch all y'all in the next video. See Catch all y'all in the next video. See you.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=638GQZ9UZ4w
