# Transcript: How I Learn Complex Skills & Difficult Subjects So Fast with AI

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSXHk4hMrY8
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 29:34 · Words: 22193
Other available languages: a-bn (bn) [auto], a-nl (nl) [auto], a-fr (fr) [auto], a-de (de) [auto], a-iw (iw) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-ja (ja) [auto], a-ko (ko) [auto], a-ml (ml) [auto], a-pl (pl) [auto], a-pt (pt) [auto], a-pa (pa) [auto], a-ru (ru) [auto], a-es (es) [auto], a-ta (ta) [auto], a-te (te) [auto], a-uk (uk) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/FSXHk4hMrY8.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=FSXHk4hMrY8

## Transcript
[0:01] How is it that some people can learn in How is it that some people can learn in just a day what other people take weeks just a day what other people take weeks just a day what other people take weeks or months to learn? And how can we use or months to learn? And how can we use or months to learn? And how can we use AI to positively augment our learning as AI to positively augment our learning as AI to positively augment our learning as opposed to confuse us, reduce our focus, opposed to confuse us, reduce our focus, opposed to confuse us, reduce our focus, and destroy our attention spans? Well, and destroy our attention spans? Well, and destroy our attention spans? Well, in this video, I'm going to show you in this video, I'm going to show you in this video, I'm going to show you everything that you need to know about everything that you need to know about everything that you need to know about how to use AI to learn anything in the how to use AI to learn anything in the how to use AI to learn anything in the modern era in just a fraction of the modern era in just a fraction of the modern era in just a fraction of the time. I use these tactics in order to time. I use these tactics in order to time. I use these tactics in order to build a business that does $400,000 a build a business that does $400,000 a build a business that does $400,000 a month. I also went to school for month. I also went to school for month. I also went to school for behavioral neuroscience, and this is behavioral neuroscience, and this is behavioral neuroscience, and this is exactly what we focused on. It's how to exactly what we focused on. It's how to exactly what we focused on. It's how to use technology to augment and improve use technology to augment and improve use technology to augment and improve our ability to learn. Uh it was by far

[0:31] our ability to learn. Uh it was by far our ability to learn. Uh it was by far the subject I was I was most interested the subject I was I was most interested the subject I was I was most interested in. And so, I use this sort of stuff all in. And so, I use this sort of stuff all in. And so, I use this sort of stuff all the time to help people, yourself the time to help people, yourself the time to help people, yourself included, you know, learn things faster. included, you know, learn things faster. included, you know, learn things faster. So, before we get into how to actually So, before we get into how to actually So, before we get into how to actually use AI to learn, it's important to use AI to learn, it's important to use AI to learn, it's important to understand how human beings actually understand how human beings actually understand how human beings actually learn. Because I feel like a lot of learn. Because I feel like a lot of learn. Because I feel like a lot of people, you know, they they people, you know, they they people, you know, they they misunderstand this part. And if you misunderstand this part. And if you misunderstand this part. And if you misunderstand this part, it will lead to misunderstand this part, it will lead to misunderstand this part, it will lead to a bunch of downstream issues in, you a bunch of downstream issues in, you a bunch of downstream issues in, you know, productive and effective learning. know, productive and effective learning. know, productive and effective learning. You know, most people believe that you You know, most people believe that you You know, most people believe that you learn through consumption, which is learn through consumption, which is learn through consumption, which is where you will read something, okay? You where you will read something, okay? You where you will read something, okay? You will watch something like this video, or will watch something like this video, or will watch something like this video, or you'll get it explained to you, say, via you'll get it explained to you, say, via you'll get it explained to you, say, via an AI bot or a chatbot. And the issue is

[1:02] an AI bot or a chatbot. And the issue is an AI bot or a chatbot. And the issue is this feels like learning, right? But the this feels like learning, right? But the this feels like learning, right? But the way that human beings actually learn, way that human beings actually learn, way that human beings actually learn, the way the, you know, memory encoding the way the, you know, memory encoding the way the, you know, memory encoding mechanisms in our brain uh and the mechanisms in our brain uh and the mechanisms in our brain uh and the retrieval mechanisms in our mind retrieval mechanisms in our mind retrieval mechanisms in our mind actually work is based off of actually work is based off of actually work is based off of production. And so, this involves production. And so, this involves production. And so, this involves recalling things actively, predicting recalling things actively, predicting recalling things actively, predicting things actively, explaining things things actively, explaining things things actively, explaining things actively, and even attempting to do actively, and even attempting to do actively, and even attempting to do things out there in the real world. things out there in the real world. things out there in the real world. Okay? And this feels way harder, which Okay? And this feels way harder, which Okay? And this feels way harder, which is why our brain's constantly trying to is why our brain's constantly trying to is why our brain's constantly trying to preserve energy avoid that. But when you preserve energy avoid that. But when you preserve energy avoid that. But when you understand this distinction, you also understand this distinction, you also understand this distinction, you also understand what leads people to being understand what leads people to being understand what leads people to being extremely effective learners versus uh

[1:33] extremely effective learners versus uh extremely effective learners versus uh ineffective learners. You know, there've ineffective learners. You know, there've ineffective learners. You know, there've been a bunch of studies done on the been a bunch of studies done on the been a bunch of studies done on the subject. One of them showed that, you subject. One of them showed that, you subject. One of them showed that, you know, if you were to reread some source know, if you were to reread some source know, if you were to reread some source document four times and then get quizzed document four times and then get quizzed document four times and then get quizzed on it 5 minutes later, you would on it 5 minutes later, you would on it 5 minutes later, you would remember 83% remember 83% remember 83% of the source document. Okay? So, you'd of the source document. Okay? So, you'd of the source document. Okay? So, you'd think, "Wow, I've only lost 17% of that. think, "Wow, I've only lost 17% of that. think, "Wow, I've only lost 17% of that. That's pretty good, right?" Likewise, That's pretty good, right?" Likewise, That's pretty good, right?" Likewise, if, you know, you read a document once if, you know, you read a document once if, you know, you read a document once and then you are tested on that three and then you are tested on that three and then you are tested on that three times immediately after, 5 minutes times immediately after, 5 minutes times immediately after, 5 minutes later, you'll remember 71%. But, the later, you'll remember 71%. But, the later, you'll remember 71%. But, the thing that we're most interested in is thing that we're most interested in is thing that we're most interested in is not how much are you going to remember not how much are you going to remember not how much are you going to remember in 5-minutes, right? The thing that in 5-minutes, right? The thing that in 5-minutes, right? The thing that you're most interested in is how much

[2:04] you're most interested in is how much you're most interested in is how much you're going to remember in a week or a you're going to remember in a week or a you're going to remember in a week or a month or a year. How deeply will the month or a year. How deeply will the month or a year. How deeply will the things that you've learned stick with things that you've learned stick with things that you've learned stick with you for the rest of your life? And when you for the rest of your life? And when you for the rest of your life? And when a person re-reads some source document a person re-reads some source document a person re-reads some source document four times, which many of us will do, four times, which many of us will do, four times, which many of us will do, right? Thinking that re-reading the right? Thinking that re-reading the right? Thinking that re-reading the source document will teach us things and source document will teach us things and source document will teach us things and and make us learn it. In a week, they and make us learn it. In a week, they and make us learn it. In a week, they only remember 40%. Whereas actively only remember 40%. Whereas actively only remember 40%. Whereas actively producing and testing gets you closer to producing and testing gets you closer to producing and testing gets you closer to 61%, meaning there's a decay of only 10% 61%, meaning there's a decay of only 10% 61%, meaning there's a decay of only 10% in the read once test three times group. in the read once test three times group. in the read once test three times group. Whereas there's a decay of, I mean, Whereas there's a decay of, I mean, Whereas there's a decay of, I mean, jeez, at least 50% in the re-reading it

[2:35] jeez, at least 50% in the re-reading it jeez, at least 50% in the re-reading it a bunch of times group. Okay, so I'm a bunch of times group. Okay, so I'm a bunch of times group. Okay, so I'm sure people have probably talked all day sure people have probably talked all day sure people have probably talked all day about this sort of result to you and about this sort of result to you and about this sort of result to you and it's just lost in one ear out the other. it's just lost in one ear out the other. it's just lost in one ear out the other. Um but, the reality is active production Um but, the reality is active production Um but, the reality is active production is ultimately how you learn. And so, the is ultimately how you learn. And so, the is ultimately how you learn. And so, the whole idea of using AI to learn faster whole idea of using AI to learn faster whole idea of using AI to learn faster and better is actually augmenting your and better is actually augmenting your and better is actually augmenting your ability to actively produce things. Not ability to actively produce things. Not ability to actively produce things. Not just necessarily passively read things. just necessarily passively read things. just necessarily passively read things. There are many different roles that There are many different roles that There are many different roles that artificial intelligence can play for us. artificial intelligence can play for us. artificial intelligence can play for us. The issue is most people will only have The issue is most people will only have The issue is most people will only have ever used one. ever used one. ever used one. They use the explainer role. Which is They use the explainer role. Which is They use the explainer role. Which is where you try to understand something,

[3:05] where you try to understand something, where you try to understand something, you're a little bit stuck, and so maybe you're a little bit stuck, and so maybe you're a little bit stuck, and so maybe you paste in the source document AI and you paste in the source document AI and you paste in the source document AI and you say, "Hey, I'm stuck. Can you help you say, "Hey, I'm stuck. Can you help you say, "Hey, I'm stuck. Can you help me out? Explain this in a different me out? Explain this in a different me out? Explain this in a different way." The issue with that is, first as way." The issue with that is, first as way." The issue with that is, first as we see already, that's a passive we see already, that's a passive we see already, that's a passive consumption mechanism. You're just consumption mechanism. You're just consumption mechanism. You're just reading. reading. reading. The second is that that's only one of The second is that that's only one of The second is that that's only one of about 10 different roles that an AI can about 10 different roles that an AI can about 10 different roles that an AI can help you play. And those other nine help you play. And those other nine help you play. And those other nine roles are primarily focused on your roles are primarily focused on your roles are primarily focused on your ability to produce information. So, if ability to produce information. So, if ability to produce information. So, if all you've ever done with AI is you've all you've ever done with AI is you've all you've ever done with AI is you've had it explain things to you in a really had it explain things to you in a really had it explain things to you in a really simple manner, not only are you only,

[3:35] simple manner, not only are you only, simple manner, not only are you only, you know, scratching the surface of what you know, scratching the surface of what you know, scratching the surface of what is truly possible in consumption versus is truly possible in consumption versus is truly possible in consumption versus production, but you also have nine other production, but you also have nine other production, but you also have nine other fundamentally different mechanisms that fundamentally different mechanisms that fundamentally different mechanisms that you're just leaving on the table. you're just leaving on the table. you're just leaving on the table. And so, I'm going to cover these nine And so, I'm going to cover these nine And so, I'm going to cover these nine mechanisms. Uh the first is the mechanisms. Uh the first is the mechanisms. Uh the first is the interviewer. That's when you're starting interviewer. That's when you're starting interviewer. That's when you're starting out and you're unsure of what you need. out and you're unsure of what you need. out and you're unsure of what you need. You don't even know enough to know what You don't even know enough to know what You don't even know enough to know what you don't know. So, just have an AI who you don't know. So, just have an AI who you don't know. So, just have an AI who has a shallow knowledge of virtually has a shallow knowledge of virtually has a shallow knowledge of virtually everything in existence ask you everything in existence ask you everything in existence ask you questions to determine what direction questions to determine what direction questions to determine what direction you want to go, uh what your state of you want to go, uh what your state of you want to go, uh what your state of learning is right now, and so on and so learning is right now, and so on and so learning is right now, and so on and so forth. The mapmaker is where, you know, forth. The mapmaker is where, you know, forth. The mapmaker is where, you know, you're just starting a subject. It feels

[4:06] you're just starting a subject. It feels you're just starting a subject. It feels really shapeless. You don't have a really shapeless. You don't have a really shapeless. You don't have a defined curriculum in place. And as we defined curriculum in place. And as we defined curriculum in place. And as we know, if you put a road map in front of know, if you put a road map in front of know, if you put a road map in front of most people, they'll be able to do a most people, they'll be able to do a most people, they'll be able to do a thing. But if they don't have a road thing. But if they don't have a road thing. But if they don't have a road map, they don't know where to go. Often map, they don't know where to go. Often map, they don't know where to go. Often times they're they're lost. They'll just times they're they're lost. They'll just times they're they're lost. They'll just be swimming, you know, listlessly in the be swimming, you know, listlessly in the be swimming, you know, listlessly in the water. Well, the mapmaker can help you water. Well, the mapmaker can help you water. Well, the mapmaker can help you figure out where to go. It can figure out where to go. It can figure out where to go. It can essentially produce a curriculum for essentially produce a curriculum for essentially produce a curriculum for you. I'll show you guys how to do that you. I'll show you guys how to do that you. I'll show you guys how to do that in a moment. How about the Socratic in a moment. How about the Socratic in a moment. How about the Socratic questioner? This is where you think you questioner? This is where you think you questioner? This is where you think you understand a topic. The Socratic understand a topic. The Socratic understand a topic. The Socratic questioner allows you to better develop questioner allows you to better develop questioner allows you to better develop your understanding of the topic by your understanding of the topic by your understanding of the topic by forcing you to actively produce. Or an forcing you to actively produce. Or an forcing you to actively produce. Or an examiner, you know, you've covered a examiner, you know, you've covered a examiner, you know, you've covered a topic fully. You want to figure out how

[4:36] topic fully. You want to figure out how topic fully. You want to figure out how much you actually get of a topic. You much you actually get of a topic. You much you actually get of a topic. You want to score yourself as some want to score yourself as some want to score yourself as some percentage. Well, that's what AI can do percentage. Well, that's what AI can do percentage. Well, that's what AI can do for you. It can literally be essentially for you. It can literally be essentially for you. It can literally be essentially an oral or verbal or written examiner, an oral or verbal or written examiner, an oral or verbal or written examiner, just like you used to have back in the just like you used to have back in the just like you used to have back in the good old days, you know, 16 1700s good old days, you know, 16 1700s good old days, you know, 16 1700s university where you'd be doing your university where you'd be doing your university where you'd be doing your thesis defense in front of a bunch of thesis defense in front of a bunch of thesis defense in front of a bunch of people. You You can do that now with AI. people. You You can do that now with AI. people. You You can do that now with AI. How about a checker? You know, maybe as How about a checker? You know, maybe as How about a checker? You know, maybe as part of your learning you've made part of your learning you've made part of your learning you've made something. But you can actually have AI something. But you can actually have AI something. But you can actually have AI verify certain domains to ensure that verify certain domains to ensure that verify certain domains to ensure that your knowledge was effective in your knowledge was effective in your knowledge was effective in producing the outcome that you want.

[5:06] producing the outcome that you want. producing the outcome that you want. Maybe a listener where you explain it Maybe a listener where you explain it Maybe a listener where you explain it back but in your own words, AI then back but in your own words, AI then back but in your own words, AI then helps you determine the gap based off of helps you determine the gap based off of helps you determine the gap based off of its understanding of the topic more its understanding of the topic more its understanding of the topic more generally. There's diagnosticians where, generally. There's diagnosticians where, generally. There's diagnosticians where, you know, if you have the same mistake you know, if you have the same mistake you know, if you have the same mistake that keeps on coming up in your that keeps on coming up in your that keeps on coming up in your learning, you can now actually ask your learning, you can now actually ask your learning, you can now actually ask your AI agent and I'll show you how. Hey, you AI agent and I'll show you how. Hey, you AI agent and I'll show you how. Hey, you know, I want you to go through the last know, I want you to go through the last know, I want you to go through the last five or 10 or 20 conversations we had five or 10 or 20 conversations we had five or 10 or 20 conversations we had about the subject. What am I about the subject. What am I about the subject. What am I persistently getting wrong? What do I persistently getting wrong? What do I persistently getting wrong? What do I persistently need to understand to patch persistently need to understand to patch persistently need to understand to patch these holes in my in my knowledge? these holes in my in my knowledge? these holes in my in my knowledge? How about a sparring partner? A lot of How about a sparring partner? A lot of How about a sparring partner? A lot of the time you're learning a skill because the time you're learning a skill because the time you're learning a skill because it is a real-world applicable thing. You it is a real-world applicable thing. You

[5:36] it is a real-world applicable thing. You want to public speak. Maybe, you know, want to public speak. Maybe, you know, want to public speak. Maybe, you know, you're preparing for an interview. Maybe you're preparing for an interview. Maybe you're preparing for an interview. Maybe you're trying to crush the, you know, you're trying to crush the, you know, you're trying to crush the, you know, leak code circuit. We can actually have leak code circuit. We can actually have leak code circuit. We can actually have a sparring partner with which to, you a sparring partner with which to, you a sparring partner with which to, you know, assist you on that and basically know, assist you on that and basically know, assist you on that and basically simulate things. And finally, clerk. How simulate things. And finally, clerk. How simulate things. And finally, clerk. How many hours have you spent just coming up many hours have you spent just coming up many hours have you spent just coming up with notes and trying to keep track of with notes and trying to keep track of with notes and trying to keep track of all this information you've digitized? all this information you've digitized? all this information you've digitized? You don't need to do that anymore. AI You don't need to do that anymore. AI You don't need to do that anymore. AI can do all of that for you. And so, what can do all of that for you. And so, what can do all of that for you. And so, what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you I'm going to do is I'm going to show you I'm going to do is I'm going to show you guys how to apply AI in all of these guys how to apply AI in all of these guys how to apply AI in all of these different ways and ultimately improve different ways and ultimately improve different ways and ultimately improve your learning from a scientific your learning from a scientific your learning from a scientific perspective, not just a thing that perspective, not just a thing that perspective, not just a thing that sounds nice like most other people will. sounds nice like most other people will. sounds nice like most other people will. A really simple example of this is

[6:06] A really simple example of this is A really simple example of this is something termed spaced repetition. For something termed spaced repetition. For something termed spaced repetition. For those of you guys that don't know, okay, those of you guys that don't know, okay, those of you guys that don't know, okay, if the Y axis here is how strong your if the Y axis here is how strong your if the Y axis here is how strong your memory of a subject is, and then the X memory of a subject is, and then the X memory of a subject is, and then the X axis is the amount of time since you axis is the amount of time since you axis is the amount of time since you learned the thing, okay, you can see learned the thing, okay, you can see learned the thing, okay, you can see that when you learn the thing initially, that when you learn the thing initially, that when you learn the thing initially, you have a lot of memory for that thing. you have a lot of memory for that thing. you have a lot of memory for that thing. You've You've really consolidated that You've You've really consolidated that You've You've really consolidated that thing. thing. thing. But, when you don't review it But, when you don't review it But, when you don't review it periodically, what happens is the periodically, what happens is the periodically, what happens is the strength of that memory decays almost as strength of that memory decays almost as strength of that memory decays almost as like this this inverse exponential. And like this this inverse exponential. And like this this inverse exponential. And so, spaced repetition is the process so, spaced repetition is the process so, spaced repetition is the process whereby you consult frequently with the

[6:37] whereby you consult frequently with the whereby you consult frequently with the thing that you learned. You actively thing that you learned. You actively thing that you learned. You actively produce that knowledge. Let's say you're produce that knowledge. Let's say you're produce that knowledge. Let's say you're trying to learn how a car engine works. trying to learn how a car engine works. trying to learn how a car engine works. And then based off of uh what's called And then based off of uh what's called And then based off of uh what's called the Ebbinghaus forgetting curve, which the Ebbinghaus forgetting curve, which the Ebbinghaus forgetting curve, which is this uh psychological idea developed, is this uh psychological idea developed, is this uh psychological idea developed, you know, 100 and something years ago, you know, 100 and something years ago, you know, 100 and something years ago, you test yourself on a structure on a you test yourself on a structure on a you test yourself on a structure on a basis every now and then using, you basis every now and then using, you basis every now and then using, you know, AI or another tool, uh to ask know, AI or another tool, uh to ask know, AI or another tool, uh to ask yourself, how the hell does this engine yourself, how the hell does this engine yourself, how the hell does this engine actually work? Okay, the pistons, the actually work? Okay, the pistons, the actually work? Okay, the pistons, the cylinders, what are the four stages of cylinders, what are the four stages of cylinders, what are the four stages of combustion, you know, intake and so on combustion, you know, intake and so on combustion, you know, intake and so on and so forth. And then in that way your and so forth. And then in that way your and so forth. And then in that way your memory actually gets extremely strong.

[7:07] memory actually gets extremely strong. memory actually gets extremely strong. And as you see, every time you, you And as you see, every time you, you And as you see, every time you, you know, repeat the spaced repetition know, repeat the spaced repetition know, repeat the spaced repetition thing, which I'm going to talk a little thing, which I'm going to talk a little thing, which I'm going to talk a little bit about in a moment, um two things bit about in a moment, um two things bit about in a moment, um two things occur. One, the memory lasts a lot occur. One, the memory lasts a lot occur. One, the memory lasts a lot longer. You can see the slope of this longer. You can see the slope of this longer. You can see the slope of this curve is actually a lot less steep. And curve is actually a lot less steep. And curve is actually a lot less steep. And two, it never dips as far down. And so, two, it never dips as far down. And so, two, it never dips as far down. And so, the strength of the base memory just the strength of the base memory just the strength of the base memory just gets stronger and stronger. This also gets stronger and stronger. This also gets stronger and stronger. This also means that in just a few moments of means that in just a few moments of means that in just a few moments of studying a topic, you can usually studying a topic, you can usually studying a topic, you can usually remember it far more than if you were remember it far more than if you were remember it far more than if you were like wait this whole time and then have like wait this whole time and then have like wait this whole time and then have to restudy it again from scratch, right? to restudy it again from scratch, right? to restudy it again from scratch, right? So, that's just one of many ways that So, that's just one of many ways that So, that's just one of many ways that you can use AI. Um AI can write your you can use AI. Um AI can write your you can use AI. Um AI can write your flashcards for you. It can keep a

[7:38] flashcards for you. It can keep a flashcards for you. It can keep a schedule or you can use an app like schedule or you can use an app like schedule or you can use an app like Anki. It can turn any mistakes you make Anki. It can turn any mistakes you make Anki. It can turn any mistakes you make during a sparring a session or some sort during a sparring a session or some sort during a sparring a session or some sort of listening session into new cards for of listening session into new cards for of listening session into new cards for you to review. you to review. you to review. Um, you know, I'm going to give you guys Um, you know, I'm going to give you guys Um, you know, I'm going to give you guys some prompts and stuff like that that some prompts and stuff like that that some prompts and stuff like that that you can use for that sort of thing as you can use for that sort of thing as you can use for that sort of thing as well. well. well. Uh, but the whole idea is, you know, Uh, but the whole idea is, you know, Uh, but the whole idea is, you know, this is one simple example of how AI can this is one simple example of how AI can this is one simple example of how AI can help you. So, if you don't know enough help you. So, if you don't know enough help you. So, if you don't know enough about a topic to even begin knowing what about a topic to even begin knowing what about a topic to even begin knowing what you know, what you don't know, let's you know, what you don't know, let's you know, what you don't know, let's chat about the interviewer. The chat about the interviewer. The chat about the interviewer. The interviewer is the simple idea where you interviewer is the simple idea where you interviewer is the simple idea where you have a chatbot up here on the left, you have a chatbot up here on the left, you have a chatbot up here on the left, you have you on the right, and basically

[8:08] have you on the right, and basically have you on the right, and basically you're saying, "Hey, I really want to you're saying, "Hey, I really want to you're saying, "Hey, I really want to learn XYZ thing." And instead of just learn XYZ thing." And instead of just learn XYZ thing." And instead of just saying, "Help me learn XYZ thing." you saying, "Help me learn XYZ thing." you saying, "Help me learn XYZ thing." you say, "Could you drill me on anything and say, "Could you drill me on anything and say, "Could you drill me on anything and everything under the sun to determine everything under the sun to determine everything under the sun to determine how much I already know about XYZ thing, how much I already know about XYZ thing, how much I already know about XYZ thing, and then, in conjunction with the map and then, in conjunction with the map and then, in conjunction with the map maker in a second, um, what I need to maker in a second, um, what I need to maker in a second, um, what I need to learn in order to patch the holes in my learn in order to patch the holes in my learn in order to patch the holes in my knowledge." And this makes sense that AI knowledge." And this makes sense that AI knowledge." And this makes sense that AI would be good at this, right? I mean, would be good at this, right? I mean, would be good at this, right? I mean, it's a massive, uh, uh, compressed form it's a massive, uh, uh, compressed form it's a massive, uh, uh, compressed form of basically the whole internet. That is of basically the whole internet. That is of basically the whole internet. That is essentially the whole point of AI, essentially the whole point of AI, essentially the whole point of AI, really, just to point you in the right really, just to point you in the right really, just to point you in the right direction, to act as a fast way of

[8:38] direction, to act as a fast way of direction, to act as a fast way of approximating knowledge. approximating knowledge. approximating knowledge. And so, you know, if you're like, "Hey, And so, you know, if you're like, "Hey, And so, you know, if you're like, "Hey, I want to learn, you know, coding." AI I want to learn, you know, coding." AI I want to learn, you know, coding." AI might ask you, "Okay, what is this for?" might ask you, "Okay, what is this for?" might ask you, "Okay, what is this for?" "Well, it's for a job interview in 3 "Well, it's for a job interview in 3 "Well, it's for a job interview in 3 weeks." Now, the AI knows, okay, it's weeks." Now, the AI knows, okay, it's weeks." Now, the AI knows, okay, it's not actually you need to learn all of not actually you need to learn all of not actually you need to learn all of coding. You need to learn enough coding coding. You need to learn enough coding coding. You need to learn enough coding to make a job interview work. Okay, so to make a job interview work. Okay, so to make a job interview work. Okay, so what do you know already? "Well, I know what do you know already? "Well, I know what do you know already? "Well, I know some basic Python, you know, maybe I some basic Python, you know, maybe I some basic Python, you know, maybe I spent 2 weeks doing some boot camp a spent 2 weeks doing some boot camp a spent 2 weeks doing some boot camp a while ago." Hm, okay. How will you be while ago." Hm, okay. How will you be while ago." Hm, okay. How will you be tested? "Well, live coding with some tested? "Well, live coding with some tested? "Well, live coding with some sort of timer." From here, AI is sort of timer." From here, AI is sort of timer." From here, AI is determining a variety of different determining a variety of different determining a variety of different things to help you accomplish your things to help you accomplish your things to help you accomplish your stated goal, not just the goal that you

[9:08] stated goal, not just the goal that you stated goal, not just the goal that you might think you have. Okay, and so, in might think you have. Okay, and so, in might think you have. Okay, and so, in this case, the goal is not actually this case, the goal is not actually this case, the goal is not actually learn coding, the goal is pass the learn coding, the goal is pass the learn coding, the goal is pass the interview. Yeah, you don't need to learn interview. Yeah, you don't need to learn interview. Yeah, you don't need to learn Python basics because that's a waste of Python basics because that's a waste of Python basics because that's a waste of time, you've already gotten to that time, you've already gotten to that time, you've already gotten to that point. You know, in order to practice point. You know, in order to practice point. You know, in order to practice and evaluate and assess your learning, and evaluate and assess your learning, and evaluate and assess your learning, the simplest and easiest way to do that the simplest and easiest way to do that the simplest and easiest way to do that is going to be some sort of timed live is going to be some sort of timed live is going to be some sort of timed live coding cuz it's going to mirror the the coding cuz it's going to mirror the the coding cuz it's going to mirror the the actual examination conditions. This is actual examination conditions. This is actual examination conditions. This is all stuff you would have figured out, all stuff you would have figured out, all stuff you would have figured out, you know, eventually if you were a you know, eventually if you were a you know, eventually if you were a perfectly rational agent, but it's stuff perfectly rational agent, but it's stuff perfectly rational agent, but it's stuff that you probably wouldn't know enough that you probably wouldn't know enough that you probably wouldn't know enough to know right up front. So, if you are to know right up front. So, if you are to know right up front. So, if you are starting out and unsure of what you

[9:38] starting out and unsure of what you starting out and unsure of what you need, you can just ask the AI. Hey, you need, you can just ask the AI. Hey, you need, you can just ask the AI. Hey, you know, before you teach me anything about know, before you teach me anything about know, before you teach me anything about coding, could you ask me questions about coding, could you ask me questions about coding, could you ask me questions about my goal, my level, everything that I my goal, my level, everything that I my goal, my level, everything that I need to know basically in order to make need to know basically in order to make need to know basically in order to make this work really effectively? And the AI this work really effectively? And the AI this work really effectively? And the AI model will go, absolutely. Couple of model will go, absolutely. Couple of model will go, absolutely. Couple of things to watch for here, vague answers, things to watch for here, vague answers, things to watch for here, vague answers, vague plans, you know, ultimately you vague plans, you know, ultimately you vague plans, you know, ultimately you want to be specific. So, it's not about, want to be specific. So, it's not about, want to be specific. So, it's not about, oh, you know, my goal is to pass an oh, you know, my goal is to pass an oh, you know, my goal is to pass an interview. It's like, oh, my goal is to interview. It's like, oh, my goal is to interview. It's like, oh, my goal is to pass an interview that's going to be pass an interview that's going to be pass an interview that's going to be taking place on LeetCode. Uh, you know, taking place on LeetCode. Uh, you know, taking place on LeetCode. Uh, you know, I know a little bit of basic Python. You I know a little bit of basic Python. You I know a little bit of basic Python. You know, I spent 2 weeks getting all the know, I spent 2 weeks getting all the know, I spent 2 weeks getting all the way up to, I don't know, like HTTP way up to, I don't know, like HTTP way up to, I don't know, like HTTP requests or something like that. Um, the requests or something like that. Um, the requests or something like that. Um, the timer is 5 minutes per question, and

[10:09] timer is 5 minutes per question, and timer is 5 minutes per question, and we're going to be pulling from this we're going to be pulling from this we're going to be pulling from this question bank. All right, like you want question bank. All right, like you want question bank. All right, like you want to be more specific than just that. And to be more specific than just that. And to be more specific than just that. And that takes me to the idea of a map that takes me to the idea of a map that takes me to the idea of a map maker. So, the reason why it's very maker. So, the reason why it's very maker. So, the reason why it's very important to have a map or a plan in important to have a map or a plan in important to have a map or a plan in place is because if you don't, the vast place is because if you don't, the vast place is because if you don't, the vast majority of your time and energy will majority of your time and energy will majority of your time and energy will simply be spent like fighting off the simply be spent like fighting off the simply be spent like fighting off the almost emotional anxiety of not knowing almost emotional anxiety of not knowing almost emotional anxiety of not knowing what you are going to do next. And so, what you are going to do next. And so, what you are going to do next. And so, you can eliminate that completely by you can eliminate that completely by you can eliminate that completely by just giving yourself something to do just giving yourself something to do just giving yourself something to do next, rather than finishing a a module next, rather than finishing a a module next, rather than finishing a a module and then wondering, okay, what the hell and then wondering, okay, what the hell and then wondering, okay, what the hell am I going to learn next? What fits? You am I going to learn next? What fits? You am I going to learn next? What fits? You know, just build a plan, and then you know, just build a plan, and then you know, just build a plan, and then you can follow a plan, even if it's not

[10:39] can follow a plan, even if it's not can follow a plan, even if it's not perfect, you're going to be a lot more perfect, you're going to be a lot more perfect, you're going to be a lot more productive as a result. So, let's say productive as a result. So, let's say productive as a result. So, let's say you want to learn statistics. That's a you want to learn statistics. That's a you want to learn statistics. That's a pretty damn broad term. There's a lot pretty damn broad term. There's a lot pretty damn broad term. There's a lot that goes on in statistics, right? So, that goes on in statistics, right? So, that goes on in statistics, right? So, if you just say, I want to learn if you just say, I want to learn if you just say, I want to learn statistic, that's pretty shapeless. statistic, that's pretty shapeless. statistic, that's pretty shapeless. What AI can help you do, okay, is it can What AI can help you do, okay, is it can What AI can help you do, okay, is it can help you break that down into the core help you break that down into the core help you break that down into the core fundamental sub-modules of statistics. fundamental sub-modules of statistics. fundamental sub-modules of statistics. And so, maybe you'll start with And so, maybe you'll start with And so, maybe you'll start with averages. Then you'll learn about spread averages. Then you'll learn about spread averages. Then you'll learn about spread and probability. Maybe after that you and probability. Maybe after that you and probability. Maybe after that you learn about distributions, sampling, and learn about distributions, sampling, and learn about distributions, sampling, and then finally loop around to some sort of then finally loop around to some sort of then finally loop around to some sort of AB test. This is what AI can essentially AB test. This is what AI can essentially AB test. This is what AI can essentially allow you to do. If a subject feels

[11:10] allow you to do. If a subject feels allow you to do. If a subject feels really shapeless, what I will always do really shapeless, what I will always do really shapeless, what I will always do before I even try learning is, hey, just before I even try learning is, hey, just before I even try learning is, hey, just map out, you know, statistics for me. I map out, you know, statistics for me. I map out, you know, statistics for me. I want the main parts, I want the various want the main parts, I want the various want the main parts, I want the various things that that depend on a bunch of things that that depend on a bunch of things that that depend on a bunch of other things, and I want to know where other things, and I want to know where other things, and I want to know where people usually get stuck on, so I can, people usually get stuck on, so I can, people usually get stuck on, so I can, you know, uh, plan my time ahead of you know, uh, plan my time ahead of you know, uh, plan my time ahead of time. And that takes me to the time. And that takes me to the time. And that takes me to the explainer. Many people here are already explainer. Many people here are already explainer. Many people here are already using the explainer day-to-day. Uh, you using the explainer day-to-day. Uh, you using the explainer day-to-day. Uh, you know, they'll have read how how do know, they'll have read how how do know, they'll have read how how do something, they'll even have set up how something, they'll even have set up how something, they'll even have set up how to do something. When it comes time to to do something. When it comes time to to do something. When it comes time to actually solving the problem that they actually solving the problem that they actually solving the problem that they initially wanted to solve, they'll be initially wanted to solve, they'll be initially wanted to solve, they'll be stuck at it. So, the explainer just stuck at it. So, the explainer just stuck at it. So, the explainer just helps you illuminate just that one part

[11:40] helps you illuminate just that one part helps you illuminate just that one part for you. Explains, you know, how the for you. Explains, you know, how the for you. Explains, you know, how the solution works or something that allows solution works or something that allows solution works or something that allows you to then, you know, learn it faster. you to then, you know, learn it faster. you to then, you know, learn it faster. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; The issue is most people don't do this &gt;&gt; The issue is most people don't do this &gt;&gt; The issue is most people don't do this next step, which is redoing the initial next step, which is redoing the initial next step, which is redoing the initial thing you wanted to do without help. thing you wanted to do without help. thing you wanted to do without help. Remember that learning is almost Remember that learning is almost Remember that learning is almost entirely a production thing. It's not a entirely a production thing. It's not a entirely a production thing. It's not a passive consumption thing. If you don't passive consumption thing. If you don't passive consumption thing. If you don't know something and you ask, "Hey, hey, know something and you ask, "Hey, hey, know something and you ask, "Hey, hey, can you help me figure this thing out?" can you help me figure this thing out?" can you help me figure this thing out?" And then it explains it to you and you And then it explains it to you and you And then it explains it to you and you know along and say, "Yeah, that makes know along and say, "Yeah, that makes know along and say, "Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, cool. I've now learned the sense. Okay, cool. I've now learned the sense. Okay, cool. I've now learned the thing." Without actually assessing, you thing." Without actually assessing, you thing." Without actually assessing, you know, from a baseline whether or not you know, from a baseline whether or not you know, from a baseline whether or not you know the thing without the asked help, know the thing without the asked help, know the thing without the asked help, you have not learned that thing. You you have not learned that thing. You you have not learned that thing. You have merely read about that thing. And

[12:11] have merely read about that thing. And have merely read about that thing. And there's a very big difference between there's a very big difference between there's a very big difference between the two, right? So, after you've gone the two, right? So, after you've gone the two, right? So, after you've gone through a whole process once, it is through a whole process once, it is through a whole process once, it is integral that you revert back to the integral that you revert back to the integral that you revert back to the very first step, which in your case very first step, which in your case very first step, which in your case might be reading about, you know, how to might be reading about, you know, how to might be reading about, you know, how to set this thing up, and actually walk set this thing up, and actually walk set this thing up, and actually walk through it from first principles from through it from first principles from through it from first principles from the start in order to go from, you know, the start in order to go from, you know, the start in order to go from, you know, zero all the way up to one. That's the zero all the way up to one. That's the zero all the way up to one. That's the way you demonstrate your knowledge and way you demonstrate your knowledge and way you demonstrate your knowledge and that's the way that you actually that's the way that you actually that's the way that you actually productively remember it. And so, productively remember it. And so, productively remember it. And so, anytime I'm trying to learn, let's say a anytime I'm trying to learn, let's say a anytime I'm trying to learn, let's say a new AI tool or something like that, you new AI tool or something like that, you new AI tool or something like that, you know, I will use AI quite heavily to, know, I will use AI quite heavily to, know, I will use AI quite heavily to, you know, interview me on my current you know, interview me on my current you know, interview me on my current state of knowledge, to create a map for state of knowledge, to create a map for state of knowledge, to create a map for me on the various concepts I need to me on the various concepts I need to me on the various concepts I need to know in order to learn it quickly, and

[12:42] know in order to learn it quickly, and know in order to learn it quickly, and then I'll actually try, and if I then I'll actually try, and if I then I'll actually try, and if I struggle, I'll have AI explain things to struggle, I'll have AI explain things to struggle, I'll have AI explain things to me. But I don't just stop there. I'll me. But I don't just stop there. I'll me. But I don't just stop there. I'll actually, once I've figured it out and actually, once I've figured it out and actually, once I've figured it out and we made it all the way to the end of we made it all the way to the end of we made it all the way to the end of whatever task I have, revert all the way whatever task I have, revert all the way whatever task I have, revert all the way back to the beginning and then try doing back to the beginning and then try doing back to the beginning and then try doing it all myself. This only will ever take it all myself. This only will ever take it all myself. This only will ever take you a few additional moments of time, 10 you a few additional moments of time, 10 you a few additional moments of time, 10 or 15% of the total length of time you or 15% of the total length of time you or 15% of the total length of time you spend studying a subject, but the end spend studying a subject, but the end spend studying a subject, but the end result and your ability to know, learn, result and your ability to know, learn, result and your ability to know, learn, and then articulate it to other people and then articulate it to other people and then articulate it to other people like I'm doing to you right now is like I'm doing to you right now is like I'm doing to you right now is insane. It's it's unmatched. So, you insane. It's it's unmatched. So, you insane. It's it's unmatched. So, you need to redo things without help. You need to redo things without help. You need to redo things without help. You can't just, you know, try and one-shot can't just, you know, try and one-shot can't just, you know, try and one-shot things progressively as you go. You

[13:12] things progressively as you go. You things progressively as you go. You really do need to loop back. And that's really do need to loop back. And that's really do need to loop back. And that's ultimately how to use an explainer. ultimately how to use an explainer. ultimately how to use an explainer. Simple thing to say here is, "Hey, I Simple thing to say here is, "Hey, I Simple thing to say here is, "Hey, I tried doing XYZ. I got stuck at XYZ. Can tried doing XYZ. I got stuck at XYZ. Can tried doing XYZ. I got stuck at XYZ. Can you explain just that part at my you explain just that part at my you explain just that part at my knowledge level so that I understand knowledge level so that I understand knowledge level so that I understand it?" Once you're done with that, again, it?" Once you're done with that, again, it?" Once you're done with that, again, circle back and then finish the rest. circle back and then finish the rest. circle back and then finish the rest. The Socratic questioner is also The Socratic questioner is also The Socratic questioner is also extremely powerful. You know, you a lot extremely powerful. You know, you a lot extremely powerful. You know, you a lot of the time are going to think that you of the time are going to think that you of the time are going to think that you understand stuff. Again, because AI will understand stuff. Again, because AI will understand stuff. Again, because AI will have explained something to you, you'll have explained something to you, you'll have explained something to you, you'll have gone through it at least once, and have gone through it at least once, and have gone through it at least once, and you'll say, "Yeah, I think I get the you'll say, "Yeah, I think I get the you'll say, "Yeah, I think I get the gist of it." But the Socratic questioner gist of it." But the Socratic questioner gist of it." But the Socratic questioner is a way for AI to basically act as a

[13:42] is a way for AI to basically act as a is a way for AI to basically act as a study buddy with you and ask you things study buddy with you and ask you things study buddy with you and ask you things like, "Okay, so why does this like, "Okay, so why does this like, "Okay, so why does this statistical principle work?" Well, the statistical principle work?" Well, the statistical principle work?" Well, the reality is, if you don't know how to reality is, if you don't know how to reality is, if you don't know how to answer it, it will immediately have answer it, it will immediately have answer it, it will immediately have clarified to you where your gaps in clarified to you where your gaps in clarified to you where your gaps in knowledge are. And then if you don't knowledge are. And then if you don't knowledge are. And then if you don't know, maybe it can ask you a follow-up know, maybe it can ask you a follow-up know, maybe it can ask you a follow-up question like, "Okay, like what if the question like, "Okay, like what if the question like, "Okay, like what if the input to this statistical thing is input to this statistical thing is input to this statistical thing is doubled?" Then you'll say, "Okay, then doubled?" Then you'll say, "Okay, then doubled?" Then you'll say, "Okay, then that would break." Now the AI is that would break." Now the AI is that would break." Now the AI is learning what the gaps in your knowledge learning what the gaps in your knowledge learning what the gaps in your knowledge you're also seeing the gaps in your you're also seeing the gaps in your you're also seeing the gaps in your knowledge, and then that can help direct knowledge, and then that can help direct knowledge, and then that can help direct you back to the explainer to learn you back to the explainer to learn you back to the explainer to learn exactly how that process works, and then exactly how that process works, and then exactly how that process works, and then you can circle back and forth between you can circle back and forth between you can circle back and forth between Socratic questioning, explanations,

[14:13] Socratic questioning, explanations, Socratic questioning, explanations, creating a new map to learn new things creating a new map to learn new things creating a new map to learn new things that you didn't realize you didn't know, that you didn't realize you didn't know, that you didn't realize you didn't know, and so on. This allows you to find the and so on. This allows you to find the and so on. This allows you to find the gap yourself. You now know the answer. gap yourself. You now know the answer. gap yourself. You now know the answer. It'll never just hand it over to you It'll never just hand it over to you It'll never just hand it over to you because it's now asking questions, because it's now asking questions, because it's now asking questions, productively forcing you to come up with productively forcing you to come up with productively forcing you to come up with things. And then as a result, you uh can things. And then as a result, you uh can things. And then as a result, you uh can actually understand something, not just actually understand something, not just actually understand something, not just think you understand. think you understand. think you understand. So, how to try that is, you know, "Hey, So, how to try that is, you know, "Hey, So, how to try that is, you know, "Hey, I want to learn X, Y, and Z thing. Don't I want to learn X, Y, and Z thing. Don't I want to learn X, Y, and Z thing. Don't just give me the answer. Ask me just give me the answer. Ask me just give me the answer. Ask me questions until I find what I don't know questions until I find what I don't know questions until I find what I don't know myself." Next up is the examiner. Now, myself." Next up is the examiner. Now, myself." Next up is the examiner. Now, there are a lot of situations where you there are a lot of situations where you there are a lot of situations where you think you understand something, okay? think you understand something, okay? think you understand something, okay? And then because you don't test

[14:43] And then because you don't test And then because you don't test yourself, you don't actually realize yourself, you don't actually realize yourself, you don't actually realize where you fall short. But with an exam where you fall short. But with an exam where you fall short. But with an exam that is punctuated at varying levels of that is punctuated at varying levels of that is punctuated at varying levels of knowledge, what you can do is you can knowledge, what you can do is you can knowledge, what you can do is you can actually figure out, "Okay, I figured actually figure out, "Okay, I figured actually figure out, "Okay, I figured out level one. I understand how that out level one. I understand how that out level one. I understand how that works. I know level two. I get level works. I know level two. I get level works. I know level two. I get level three. Level four makes sense. Level three. Level four makes sense. Level three. Level four makes sense. Level five, hmm, didn't actually pass that five, hmm, didn't actually pass that five, hmm, didn't actually pass that test. Why?" And so it's another way of test. Why?" And so it's another way of test. Why?" And so it's another way of you figuring out where you need to go you figuring out where you need to go you figuring out where you need to go next in order to maximally direct your next in order to maximally direct your next in order to maximally direct your learning. And that's all ultimately what learning. And that's all ultimately what learning. And that's all ultimately what this whole process is about. It's about this whole process is about. It's about this whole process is about. It's about maximally directing your learning. Human maximally directing your learning. Human maximally directing your learning. Human beings have so much potential buried beings have so much potential buried beings have so much potential buried inside of them. Our brains are so

[15:13] inside of them. Our brains are so inside of them. Our brains are so incredible. But simply because of like incredible. But simply because of like incredible. But simply because of like old deprecated educational institutions, old deprecated educational institutions, old deprecated educational institutions, formats like lectures which were formats like lectures which were formats like lectures which were developed thousands of years ago and developed thousands of years ago and developed thousands of years ago and just do not scale into our current era. just do not scale into our current era. just do not scale into our current era. And then other gaps in in knowledge and And then other gaps in in knowledge and And then other gaps in in knowledge and so on and so forth. We're just not so on and so forth. We're just not so on and so forth. We're just not capable of squeezing out more than 10 or capable of squeezing out more than 10 or capable of squeezing out more than 10 or 20% of it. So this helps you do that. 20% of it. So this helps you do that. 20% of it. So this helps you do that. It's very straightforward and easy. A It's very straightforward and easy. A It's very straightforward and easy. A simple way to do this is saying, "Hey, simple way to do this is saying, "Hey, simple way to do this is saying, "Hey, can you quiz me on this topic? I just can you quiz me on this topic? I just can you quiz me on this topic? I just want one question at a time. Make every want one question at a time. Make every want one question at a time. Make every question harder until, you know, I don't question harder until, you know, I don't question harder until, you know, I don't get things right." And then at that get things right." And then at that get things right." And then at that point you'll know where the gap in your point you'll know where the gap in your point you'll know where the gap in your knowledge is. How about the checker? In

[15:44] knowledge is. How about the checker? In knowledge is. How about the checker? In this situation there are a lot of places this situation there are a lot of places this situation there are a lot of places where, you know, you don't learn for the where, you know, you don't learn for the where, you know, you don't learn for the sake of learning. A lot of the time you sake of learning. A lot of the time you sake of learning. A lot of the time you learn for the sake of creating learn for the sake of creating learn for the sake of creating something. And so what the checker does something. And so what the checker does something. And so what the checker does is basically scores you on almost like a is basically scores you on almost like a is basically scores you on almost like a rubric similar to an examiner, but this rubric similar to an examiner, but this rubric similar to an examiner, but this time checking, time checking, time checking, uh, you know, whether or not your uh, you know, whether or not your uh, you know, whether or not your process works to begin with. And so the process works to begin with. And so the process works to begin with. And so the value here is you're not assessing just value here is you're not assessing just value here is you're not assessing just the end result of your knowledge. What the end result of your knowledge. What the end result of your knowledge. What you're doing is you're assessing the you're doing is you're assessing the you're doing is you're assessing the process required to create the knowledge process required to create the knowledge process required to create the knowledge itself. And so, you know, I don't know itself. And so, you know, I don't know itself. And so, you know, I don't know if you guys have ever taken a really if you guys have ever taken a really if you guys have ever taken a really introductory math class. A lot of the introductory math class. A lot of the introductory math class. A lot of the time they don't just say, "Don't just time they don't just say, "Don't just time they don't just say, "Don't just give me the answer. I actually want to

[16:14] give me the answer. I actually want to give me the answer. I actually want to know the process behind your work. So know the process behind your work. So know the process behind your work. So show your work. Show me, you know, how show your work. Show me, you know, how show your work. Show me, you know, how you multiply the two variables together you multiply the two variables together you multiply the two variables together or whatever." What the checker does is or whatever." What the checker does is or whatever." What the checker does is it it assesses the intermediate steps to it it assesses the intermediate steps to it it assesses the intermediate steps to determine that your logic and your determine that your logic and your determine that your logic and your reasoning was correct in order to get reasoning was correct in order to get reasoning was correct in order to get there. In this way, you know, if you there. In this way, you know, if you there. In this way, you know, if you have any issues, uh, the model can have any issues, uh, the model can have any issues, uh, the model can figure figure this out. So if you made figure figure this out. So if you made figure figure this out. So if you made something like a summary, a proof, some something like a summary, a proof, some something like a summary, a proof, some sort of code, a math problem or sort of code, a math problem or sort of code, a math problem or something like that, actually have it something like that, actually have it something like that, actually have it evaluate or check your reasoning to see evaluate or check your reasoning to see evaluate or check your reasoning to see if there's a shorter and faster way you if there's a shorter and faster way you if there's a shorter and faster way you could have made it to the same point. In could have made it to the same point. In could have made it to the same point. In this result, you know, maybe we could

[16:44] this result, you know, maybe we could this result, you know, maybe we could have shortened the summary down twice, have shortened the summary down twice, have shortened the summary down twice, got it literally to about half the got it literally to about half the got it literally to about half the length. And as a result the next time length. And as a result the next time length. And as a result the next time you encounter this problem, your process you encounter this problem, your process you encounter this problem, your process itself will be faster, not just the end itself will be faster, not just the end itself will be faster, not just the end result. So in this case you might say, result. So in this case you might say, result. So in this case you might say, "Hey, here's my work for determining X, "Hey, here's my work for determining X, "Hey, here's my work for determining X, Y, and Z. Can you find what's wrong or Y, and Z. Can you find what's wrong or Y, and Z. Can you find what's wrong or missing and let me know if there was a missing and let me know if there was a missing and let me know if there was a faster or easier way to get there? Don't faster or easier way to get there? Don't faster or easier way to get there? Don't rewrite any of it." Next up is this idea rewrite any of it." Next up is this idea rewrite any of it." Next up is this idea of the listener. So the end result is, of the listener. So the end result is, of the listener. So the end result is, you know, you've now learned something you know, you've now learned something you know, you've now learned something to a reasonable amount of time, but you to a reasonable amount of time, but you to a reasonable amount of time, but you have to understand that there are have to understand that there are have to understand that there are different ways to demonstrate your different ways to demonstrate your different ways to demonstrate your knowledge. There's like a written way of knowledge. There's like a written way of knowledge. There's like a written way of doing it. There's like a verbal way of

[17:14] doing it. There's like a verbal way of doing it. There's like a verbal way of doing it. I mean there's like five or doing it. I mean there's like five or doing it. I mean there's like five or 10. And the best learners know how to 10. And the best learners know how to 10. And the best learners know how to provide that knowledge in multiple provide that knowledge in multiple provide that knowledge in multiple different formats. And so it's not different formats. And so it's not different formats. And so it's not enough just to, you know, say something enough just to, you know, say something enough just to, you know, say something or write something, you know, with your or write something, you know, with your or write something, you know, with your fingers. My recommendation is if you fingers. My recommendation is if you fingers. My recommendation is if you really want to maximize all the really want to maximize all the really want to maximize all the different different different highways of your mind, you know, you highways of your mind, you know, you highways of your mind, you know, you should say something, you should should say something, you should should say something, you should visualize something with maybe some sort visualize something with maybe some sort visualize something with maybe some sort of graphic, you should write something. of graphic, you should write something. of graphic, you should write something. You should really try and engage You should really try and engage You should really try and engage yourself maximally across all senses. yourself maximally across all senses. yourself maximally across all senses. What the listener does is it compares What the listener does is it compares What the listener does is it compares your words across all of these to the your words across all of these to the your words across all of these to the source document on all of these

[17:45] source document on all of these source document on all of these different testing mechanisms, on the different testing mechanisms, on the different testing mechanisms, on the verbal reasoning, on like your ability verbal reasoning, on like your ability verbal reasoning, on like your ability to write things out, on your ability to to write things out, on your ability to to write things out, on your ability to visualize things, and so on and so visualize things, and so on and so visualize things, and so on and so forth, to determine whether or not you forth, to determine whether or not you forth, to determine whether or not you were correct. And so what I will were correct. And so what I will were correct. And so what I will typically do is when I really want to typically do is when I really want to typically do is when I really want to make sure I understand a topic, I will make sure I understand a topic, I will make sure I understand a topic, I will just hold down my voice transcription just hold down my voice transcription just hold down my voice transcription key, and I'll just start talking into, key, and I'll just start talking into, key, and I'll just start talking into, you know, my computer. After I do my you know, my computer. After I do my you know, my computer. After I do my voice transcription, I will try and draw voice transcription, I will try and draw voice transcription, I will try and draw a quick image of the concept to make a quick image of the concept to make a quick image of the concept to make sure I understand. And in addition, I sure I understand. And in addition, I sure I understand. And in addition, I will write a much more short and will write a much more short and will write a much more short and succinct version of my explanation succinct version of my explanation succinct version of my explanation since, you know, verbal voice since, you know, verbal voice since, you know, verbal voice transcriptions and stuff like that tend transcriptions and stuff like that tend transcriptions and stuff like that tend to be a lot longer than their their to be a lot longer than their their to be a lot longer than their their written counterparts. I will then

[18:15] written counterparts. I will then written counterparts. I will then compare it to the source document, compare it to the source document, compare it to the source document, whatever it is I'm trying to learn. whatever it is I'm trying to learn. whatever it is I'm trying to learn. Maybe it's a new like neural network Maybe it's a new like neural network Maybe it's a new like neural network architecture or something like that. And architecture or something like that. And architecture or something like that. And now it has three different means by now it has three different means by now it has three different means by which to assess whether or not I which to assess whether or not I which to assess whether or not I understand something, the visual, the understand something, the visual, the understand something, the visual, the verbal, and then ultimately the written. verbal, and then ultimately the written. verbal, and then ultimately the written. And it can compare all three of these to And it can compare all three of these to And it can compare all three of these to the source document, and as a result, it the source document, and as a result, it the source document, and as a result, it can listen to me and determine whether can listen to me and determine whether can listen to me and determine whether or not I've made a So here maybe you'll or not I've made a So here maybe you'll or not I've made a So here maybe you'll say, "Hey, I want to explain this idea say, "Hey, I want to explain this idea say, "Hey, I want to explain this idea in my own words. I want you to grade it in my own words. I want you to grade it in my own words. I want you to grade it against the source and tell me exactly against the source and tell me exactly against the source and tell me exactly what I missed." The diagnostician, you what I missed." The diagnostician, you what I missed." The diagnostician, you know, despite being kind of a tongue know, despite being kind of a tongue know, despite being kind of a tongue twister, is a very important part of

[18:46] twister, is a very important part of twister, is a very important part of understanding. Essentially, a lot of the understanding. Essentially, a lot of the understanding. Essentially, a lot of the mistakes that you make in learning occur mistakes that you make in learning occur mistakes that you make in learning occur at the same fundamental roots. Maybe you at the same fundamental roots. Maybe you at the same fundamental roots. Maybe you just don't really understand some simple just don't really understand some simple just don't really understand some simple mathematical operation or something, and mathematical operation or something, and mathematical operation or something, and as a result, you don't understand how to as a result, you don't understand how to as a result, you don't understand how to do a specific thing in statistics, you do a specific thing in statistics, you do a specific thing in statistics, you don't understand how to do a specific don't understand how to do a specific don't understand how to do a specific thing in biology, and then you don't thing in biology, and then you don't thing in biology, and then you don't understand to do a specific thing in understand to do a specific thing in understand to do a specific thing in chemistry, let's say, you're just in a chemistry, let's say, you're just in a chemistry, let's say, you're just in a university environment trying to learn university environment trying to learn university environment trying to learn all this stuff. The reality is you don't all this stuff. The reality is you don't all this stuff. The reality is you don't actually know what's holding you up actually know what's holding you up actually know what's holding you up despite the fact that these are all despite the fact that these are all despite the fact that these are all templated issues. So, what the templated issues. So, what the templated issues. So, what the diagnostician does is all of these

[19:16] diagnostician does is all of these diagnostician does is all of these things are the result of a shared things are the result of a shared things are the result of a shared misunderstanding. What you do is you misunderstanding. What you do is you misunderstanding. What you do is you just ask the model, "Hey, like what is just ask the model, "Hey, like what is just ask the model, "Hey, like what is the recurring mistake in reasoning or the recurring mistake in reasoning or the recurring mistake in reasoning or logic that I keep on making across all logic that I keep on making across all logic that I keep on making across all of these, you know, uh listenings, uh of these, you know, uh listenings, uh of these, you know, uh listenings, uh exa- examinations, uh you know, checks exa- examinations, uh you know, checks exa- examinations, uh you know, checks and so on and so forth? Read through my and so on and so forth? Read through my and so on and so forth? Read through my last, you know, 100 conversations and last, you know, 100 conversations and last, you know, 100 conversations and try and figure this out." And it'll try and figure this out." And it'll try and figure this out." And it'll actually go and it'll find the core actually go and it'll find the core actually go and it'll find the core reasons why you misunderstand stuff. It reasons why you misunderstand stuff. It reasons why you misunderstand stuff. It will literally go and tell you, like, will literally go and tell you, like, will literally go and tell you, like, "Hmm, you appear to be making the same "Hmm, you appear to be making the same "Hmm, you appear to be making the same sort of logical leap from X to Y. The sort of logical leap from X to Y. The sort of logical leap from X to Y. The reason for that is probably that you reason for that is probably that you reason for that is probably that you don't understand Z." And now you, don't understand Z." And now you, don't understand Z." And now you, instead of trying to learn the specific instead of trying to learn the specific instead of trying to learn the specific outcome with each, can just learn the

[19:46] outcome with each, can just learn the outcome with each, can just learn the root thing that keeps on making you make root thing that keeps on making you make root thing that keeps on making you make the same mistake. the same mistake. the same mistake. So, you know, here are a bunch of things So, you know, here are a bunch of things So, you know, here are a bunch of things I keep getting wrong. What I keep getting wrong. What I keep getting wrong. What misunderstanding do all of these things misunderstanding do all of these things misunderstanding do all of these things have in common? Just feed that to your have in common? Just feed that to your have in common? Just feed that to your AI agent and you will be far better off. AI agent and you will be far better off. AI agent and you will be far better off. The sparring partner is extremely The sparring partner is extremely The sparring partner is extremely valuable and I personally been using valuable and I personally been using valuable and I personally been using this a lot, especially as I've started this a lot, especially as I've started this a lot, especially as I've started doing more podcast interviews and then doing more podcast interviews and then doing more podcast interviews and then high-stakes negotiations in business. high-stakes negotiations in business. high-stakes negotiations in business. So, I will often actually have AI give So, I will often actually have AI give So, I will often actually have AI give me some sort of back-and-forth Q&amp;A. You me some sort of back-and-forth Q&amp;A. You me some sort of back-and-forth Q&amp;A. You know, if I'm like, "Hey, I have an know, if I'm like, "Hey, I have an know, if I'm like, "Hey, I have an interview coming up for X, Y, and Z. I interview coming up for X, Y, and Z. I interview coming up for X, Y, and Z. I want to spar back and forth, uh you want to spar back and forth, uh you want to spar back and forth, uh you know, verify that I know what I'm doing.

[20:16] know, verify that I know what I'm doing. know, verify that I know what I'm doing. Um I'm going to do this verbally and Um I'm going to do this verbally and Um I'm going to do this verbally and then I also I'm going to set a timer then I also I'm going to set a timer then I also I'm going to set a timer with every question to try and figure it with every question to try and figure it with every question to try and figure it out within 30 seconds because I think out within 30 seconds because I think out within 30 seconds because I think that's probably how much time I'm that's probably how much time I'm that's probably how much time I'm actually going to be given. Let's do it. actually going to be given. Let's do it. actually going to be given. Let's do it. Hey, why should we hire you? Well, it's Hey, why should we hire you? Well, it's Hey, why should we hire you? Well, it's because I work hard, right?" You send because I work hard, right?" You send because I work hard, right?" You send that back to an AI agent that you've uh that back to an AI agent that you've uh that back to an AI agent that you've uh pre-primed as a sparring partner, it's pre-primed as a sparring partner, it's pre-primed as a sparring partner, it's probably not going to be too happy and probably not going to be too happy and probably not going to be too happy and it's right, right? So, it'll say it's right, right? So, it'll say it's right, right? So, it'll say something like, "Too vague. Give me an something like, "Too vague. Give me an something like, "Too vague. Give me an example." Well, last month I cut our example." Well, last month I cut our example." Well, last month I cut our wait times in half. So, maybe that's wait times in half. So, maybe that's wait times in half. So, maybe that's what you should have ultimately led what you should have ultimately led what you should have ultimately led with. The sort of sparring in process is with. The sort of sparring in process is with. The sort of sparring in process is it's very difficult to do correctly and it's very difficult to do correctly and it's very difficult to do correctly and you have the ability to adjust that you have the ability to adjust that you have the ability to adjust that difficulty slider. You can reduce the

[20:47] difficulty slider. You can reduce the difficulty slider. You can reduce the amount of time you have to come up with amount of time you have to come up with amount of time you have to come up with each question. You can obviously, you each question. You can obviously, you each question. You can obviously, you know, uh force the AI model to be a know, uh force the AI model to be a know, uh force the AI model to be a higher and higher and higher level higher and higher and higher level higher and higher and higher level interviewer as you go across. But, the interviewer as you go across. But, the interviewer as you go across. But, the result is you actually end up getting a result is you actually end up getting a result is you actually end up getting a couple of reps in that actually have to couple of reps in that actually have to couple of reps in that actually have to do the reps. And I mean that in a good do the reps. And I mean that in a good do the reps. And I mean that in a good way. You know, common thing that I'll way. You know, common thing that I'll way. You know, common thing that I'll teach people how to do is, uh I'll teach teach people how to do is, uh I'll teach teach people how to do is, uh I'll teach them how to do, you know, sales calls them how to do, you know, sales calls them how to do, you know, sales calls for AI and automation services cuz that for AI and automation services cuz that for AI and automation services cuz that is part of what I sell and what I show is part of what I sell and what I show is part of what I sell and what I show people how to sell on this channel. And people how to sell on this channel. And people how to sell on this channel. And so, you know, they will have never so, you know, they will have never so, you know, they will have never jumped on a sales call before in their jumped on a sales call before in their jumped on a sales call before in their entire life. They'll be absolutely entire life. They'll be absolutely entire life. They'll be absolutely terrified. You know, they don't know terrified. You know, they don't know terrified. You know, they don't know what to say. They don't know how to what to say. They don't know how to what to say. They don't know how to frame the call. They don't know how to

[21:17] frame the call. They don't know how to frame the call. They don't know how to like, you know, generate any perceived like, you know, generate any perceived like, you know, generate any perceived value for their service. A lot of the value for their service. A lot of the value for their service. A lot of the time I'll say like, "Hey, go into a time I'll say like, "Hey, go into a time I'll say like, "Hey, go into a conversation with an AI agent. Here is a conversation with an AI agent. Here is a conversation with an AI agent. Here is a brief like template of the call, and brief like template of the call, and brief like template of the call, and it's going to pretend that it's a client it's going to pretend that it's a client it's going to pretend that it's a client and or a prospective client, and you are and or a prospective client, and you are and or a prospective client, and you are a prospective salesperson, and you guys a prospective salesperson, and you guys a prospective salesperson, and you guys can just go at it." This won't 100% be can just go at it." This won't 100% be can just go at it." This won't 100% be the exact same thing that you are going the exact same thing that you are going the exact same thing that you are going to see in real life, but this is going to see in real life, but this is going to see in real life, but this is going to allow you to get at least a rough go to allow you to get at least a rough go to allow you to get at least a rough go through the very first rep, which will through the very first rep, which will through the very first rep, which will make you significantly better. This sort make you significantly better. This sort make you significantly better. This sort of like simulated training environment of like simulated training environment of like simulated training environment is going to be extremely important over

[21:47] is going to be extremely important over is going to be extremely important over the coming months and years as AI makes the coming months and years as AI makes the coming months and years as AI makes us better and we make AI better in turn. us better and we make AI better in turn. us better and we make AI better in turn. So, use this when you're practicing a So, use this when you're practicing a So, use this when you're practicing a skill. It's speaking, it's interviews, skill. It's speaking, it's interviews, skill. It's speaking, it's interviews, it's sales calls. And in order to do it's sales calls. And in order to do it's sales calls. And in order to do this, all you need to say is something this, all you need to say is something this, all you need to say is something like, "Hey, I want you to play a tough like, "Hey, I want you to play a tough like, "Hey, I want you to play a tough hiring manager for XYZ thing that I'm hiring manager for XYZ thing that I'm hiring manager for XYZ thing that I'm trying to do." Or "I want you to pretend trying to do." Or "I want you to pretend trying to do." Or "I want you to pretend that you're interviewing me. Here's a that you're interviewing me. Here's a that you're interviewing me. Here's a big list of all the previous interviews big list of all the previous interviews big list of all the previous interviews this interviewer has done." And don't go this interviewer has done." And don't go this interviewer has done." And don't go easy on me. Push back hard and make sure easy on me. Push back hard and make sure easy on me. Push back hard and make sure I fully understand it. I I want every I fully understand it. I I want every I fully understand it. I I want every answer to be generated in 30 seconds. answer to be generated in 30 seconds. answer to be generated in 30 seconds. Finally, highly undervalued role of AI Finally, highly undervalued role of AI Finally, highly undervalued role of AI here is the clerk. That's where you have here is the clerk. That's where you have here is the clerk. That's where you have a bunch of really messy notes or messy

[22:18] a bunch of really messy notes or messy a bunch of really messy notes or messy intermediate checking steps. To do this, intermediate checking steps. To do this, intermediate checking steps. To do this, you just feed that into AI and you say, you just feed that into AI and you say, you just feed that into AI and you say, "Hey, can you make me a clean outline of "Hey, can you make me a clean outline of "Hey, can you make me a clean outline of this?" Or "Hey, can you use this to make this?" Or "Hey, can you use this to make this?" Or "Hey, can you use this to make a bunch of flashcards for me?" As a bunch of flashcards for me?" As a bunch of flashcards for me?" As mentioned before with space repetition, mentioned before with space repetition, mentioned before with space repetition, you can get 5 to 10 X's time efficient. you can get 5 to 10 X's time efficient. you can get 5 to 10 X's time efficient. You know, per unit time you spend, you You know, per unit time you spend, you You know, per unit time you spend, you can remember 5 to 10 X more simply by can remember 5 to 10 X more simply by can remember 5 to 10 X more simply by organizing your information and then organizing your information and then organizing your information and then consulting with it on a regular basis. consulting with it on a regular basis. consulting with it on a regular basis. And in this case, the reason I like the And in this case, the reason I like the And in this case, the reason I like the clerk is cuz all of the thinking is your clerk is cuz all of the thinking is your clerk is cuz all of the thinking is your own. What you're doing is you're just own. What you're doing is you're just own. What you're doing is you're just organizing it a little bit better. organizing it a little bit better. organizing it a little bit better. Because, you know, as a human being, Because, you know, as a human being, Because, you know, as a human being, you're constantly juggling all these you're constantly juggling all these you're constantly juggling all these different disciplines and ideas and different disciplines and ideas and different disciplines and ideas and concepts. AI really can bring those

[22:50] concepts. AI really can bring those concepts. AI really can bring those together for you into higher and higher together for you into higher and higher together for you into higher and higher level and more simple abstractions, level and more simple abstractions, level and more simple abstractions, which can ultimately improve your which can ultimately improve your which can ultimately improve your ability to to organize it mentally as ability to to organize it mentally as ability to to organize it mentally as well. well. well. Here you might just say, "Turn my messy Here you might just say, "Turn my messy Here you might just say, "Turn my messy notes into a clean outline. Don't add notes into a clean outline. Don't add notes into a clean outline. Don't add anything I didn't write. Just make it anything I didn't write. Just make it anything I didn't write. Just make it clear, um, know, the hierarchy of clear, um, know, the hierarchy of clear, um, know, the hierarchy of information and how I intend to, I don't information and how I intend to, I don't information and how I intend to, I don't know, turn this into an SI or something. know, turn this into an SI or something. know, turn this into an SI or something. So, that covers all of the roles. Next, So, that covers all of the roles. Next, So, that covers all of the roles. Next, I just want to talk about some I just want to talk about some I just want to talk about some high-level principles behind AI high-level principles behind AI high-level principles behind AI including, uh, reasons not to use AI as including, uh, reasons not to use AI as including, uh, reasons not to use AI as well for certain types of learning. One well for certain types of learning. One well for certain types of learning. One really valuable thing to use AI to do is really valuable thing to use AI to do is really valuable thing to use AI to do is to help find stuff at your level. Now, to help find stuff at your level. Now, to help find stuff at your level. Now, in case you didn't know, you learn the

[23:21] in case you didn't know, you learn the in case you didn't know, you learn the most when you are pushed just a little most when you are pushed just a little most when you are pushed just a little bit outside of your comfort zone, not bit outside of your comfort zone, not bit outside of your comfort zone, not too much or too little. The whole idea too much or too little. The whole idea too much or too little. The whole idea is you need something that challenges is you need something that challenges is you need something that challenges you, okay? It's called the zone of you, okay? It's called the zone of you, okay? It's called the zone of proximal development in psychology and proximal development in psychology and proximal development in psychology and it's a zone that's just a little bit out it's a zone that's just a little bit out it's a zone that's just a little bit out of reach that consistently allows you of reach that consistently allows you of reach that consistently allows you to, you know, lengthen your your your to, you know, lengthen your your your to, you know, lengthen your your your reach until eventually you can grasp reach until eventually you can grasp reach until eventually you can grasp subject. So, you know, here we go. So, subject. So, you know, here we go. So, subject. So, you know, here we go. So, simple way to do this is, hey, find simple way to do this is, hey, find simple way to do this is, hey, find stuff at my level. I want you to quiz me stuff at my level. I want you to quiz me stuff at my level. I want you to quiz me on statistics, easy all the way up to on statistics, easy all the way up to on statistics, easy all the way up to hard. Stop when I start guessing things hard. Stop when I start guessing things hard. Stop when I start guessing things and I clearly don't realize them. Then, and I clearly don't realize them. Then, and I clearly don't realize them. Then, I want you to tell me my level. From

[23:51] I want you to tell me my level. From I want you to tell me my level. From there, you know, we can go back to these there, you know, we can go back to these there, you know, we can go back to these other roles. Map maker, we can do other roles. Map maker, we can do other roles. Map maker, we can do interviewers, we can start checking, we interviewers, we can start checking, we interviewers, we can start checking, we can start doing evaluations and can start doing evaluations and can start doing evaluations and eventually diagnose additions. eventually diagnose additions. eventually diagnose additions. I also want you to explain this concept I also want you to explain this concept I also want you to explain this concept at three different levels. For a child, at three different levels. For a child, at three different levels. For a child, for a beginner, for, you know, a for a beginner, for, you know, a for a beginner, for, you know, a teenager, for, uh, high schooler, for an teenager, for, uh, high schooler, for an teenager, for, uh, high schooler, for an expert and so on and so forth. What you expert and so on and so forth. What you expert and so on and so forth. What you can do here is you can determine, okay, can do here is you can determine, okay, can do here is you can determine, okay, what level of understanding do I have what level of understanding do I have what level of understanding do I have around the vocabulary, the nuanced around the vocabulary, the nuanced around the vocabulary, the nuanced subjects and so on and so forth and what subjects and so on and so forth and what subjects and so on and so forth and what do I need to know in order to be able to do I need to know in order to be able to do I need to know in order to be able to communicate topics like this more, uh, communicate topics like this more, uh, communicate topics like this more, uh, diligently and better.

[24:21] diligently and better. diligently and better. Finally, you can also say, hey, you Finally, you can also say, hey, you Finally, you can also say, hey, you know, I want you to find me the best know, I want you to find me the best know, I want you to find me the best possible explanations for this thing. possible explanations for this thing. possible explanations for this thing. You know, in my case, I know how to do You know, in my case, I know how to do You know, in my case, I know how to do A, I don't know how to do B, I'm A, I don't know how to do B, I'm A, I don't know how to do B, I'm approximately level of a beginner as approximately level of a beginner as approximately level of a beginner as we've assessed earlier. Um, I want you we've assessed earlier. Um, I want you we've assessed earlier. Um, I want you to figure out why each one is really to figure out why each one is really to figure out why each one is really good and I also want you to give me a good and I also want you to give me a good and I also want you to give me a bunch of links for it. The reason why bunch of links for it. The reason why bunch of links for it. The reason why this is good is because human beings are this is good is because human beings are this is good is because human beings are still sort of the the arbiter, at least still sort of the the arbiter, at least still sort of the the arbiter, at least for now, of taste and our ability to for now, of taste and our ability to for now, of taste and our ability to explain things in simple ways. Um, I've explain things in simple ways. Um, I've explain things in simple ways. Um, I've come up with so many really simple, come up with so many really simple, come up with so many really simple, uh, explanations that I've learned in uh, explanations that I've learned in uh, explanations that I've learned in like 5 seconds because somebody just put like 5 seconds because somebody just put like 5 seconds because somebody just put it in a perfect metaphorical way that

[24:51] it in a perfect metaphorical way that it in a perfect metaphorical way that makes sense for me that I never would makes sense for me that I never would makes sense for me that I never would have really found had I not had AI. Um, have really found had I not had AI. Um, have really found had I not had AI. Um, and as a result, you know, when you find and as a result, you know, when you find and as a result, you know, when you find that perfect explanation explanation that perfect explanation explanation that perfect explanation explanation that just clicks, you can usually save that just clicks, you can usually save that just clicks, you can usually save yourself days, weeks, or months of yourself days, weeks, or months of yourself days, weeks, or months of trying to learn it another way. And trying to learn it another way. And trying to learn it another way. And human beings ultimately are just the human beings ultimately are just the human beings ultimately are just the ones that have created the most of that ones that have created the most of that ones that have created the most of that so far. So, you know, what I'll do is so far. So, you know, what I'll do is so far. So, you know, what I'll do is I'll basically say, "Hey, can you find I'll basically say, "Hey, can you find I'll basically say, "Hey, can you find me a bunch of resources for somebody me a bunch of resources for somebody me a bunch of resources for somebody that knows how to do this, but maybe that knows how to do this, but maybe that knows how to do this, but maybe doesn't know how to do that?" Um, I give doesn't know how to do that?" Um, I give doesn't know how to do that?" Um, I give them every piece of information that them every piece of information that them every piece of information that they need about me in order to be able they need about me in order to be able they need about me in order to be able to find that information better. And to find that information better. And to find that information better. And then they'll come back with a hit list then they'll come back with a hit list then they'll come back with a hit list of like, "Yeah, you know, neural

[25:21] of like, "Yeah, you know, neural of like, "Yeah, you know, neural networks easily explained was written a networks easily explained was written a networks easily explained was written a couple years ago by this person, couple years ago by this person, couple years ago by this person, probably the simplest and easiest probably the simplest and easiest probably the simplest and easiest beginner tutorial." And then I'll just beginner tutorial." And then I'll just beginner tutorial." And then I'll just take that tutorial instead of trying to take that tutorial instead of trying to take that tutorial instead of trying to muddle you around with like crappy muddle you around with like crappy muddle you around with like crappy textbooks or crappy lectures that might textbooks or crappy lectures that might textbooks or crappy lectures that might be a little bit advanced or a little bit be a little bit advanced or a little bit be a little bit advanced or a little bit too simple for me. Another great use of too simple for me. Another great use of too simple for me. Another great use of AI is as a simulation. We talked a AI is as a simulation. We talked a AI is as a simulation. We talked a little bit about this in the context of little bit about this in the context of little bit about this in the context of interviewing. So, you could role-play. interviewing. So, you could role-play. interviewing. So, you could role-play. You could say, "Hey, could you play a You could say, "Hey, could you play a You could say, "Hey, could you play a tough interviewer for, you know, a tough interviewer for, you know, a tough interviewer for, you know, a statistics job at, uh, I don't know, statistics job at, uh, I don't know, statistics job at, uh, I don't know, Anthropic or something. One question at Anthropic or something. One question at Anthropic or something. One question at a time, I want you to score me at the a time, I want you to score me at the a time, I want you to score me at the end." But, you could also actually give end." But, you could also actually give end." But, you could also actually give it a realistic task and then have it

[25:52] it a realistic task and then have it it a realistic task and then have it produce the deliverables you would need produce the deliverables you would need produce the deliverables you would need to generate. So, I don't know, maybe you to generate. So, I don't know, maybe you to generate. So, I don't know, maybe you have some sort of uh, customer concern have some sort of uh, customer concern have some sort of uh, customer concern or Q&amp;A or something like that and you or Q&amp;A or something like that and you or Q&amp;A or something like that and you have to respond to it. Uh, maybe that's have to respond to it. Uh, maybe that's have to respond to it. Uh, maybe that's the job you want for a customer service the job you want for a customer service the job you want for a customer service role. You can actually have it like come role. You can actually have it like come role. You can actually have it like come up with a bunch of emails and then you up with a bunch of emails and then you up with a bunch of emails and then you have to go through and navigate and then have to go through and navigate and then have to go through and navigate and then answer those questions intelligently. answer those questions intelligently. answer those questions intelligently. Um, so then it can grade you based off Um, so then it can grade you based off Um, so then it can grade you based off what you do. Um, it can grade you based what you do. Um, it can grade you based what you do. Um, it can grade you based off an examination so just the end off an examination so just the end off an examination so just the end result or the checked process that gets result or the checked process that gets result or the checked process that gets you there. And then once you have all you there. And then once you have all you there. And then once you have all that, you know, you'll you'll know a lot that, you know, you'll you'll know a lot that, you know, you'll you'll know a lot better about where you're learning. better about where you're learning. better about where you're learning. Likewise, you can actually have Claude, Likewise, you can actually have Claude, Likewise, you can actually have Claude, uh, uh, you know, Codex, other AI agents

[26:23] uh, uh, you know, Codex, other AI agents uh, uh, you know, Codex, other AI agents build you practice apps. These practice build you practice apps. These practice build you practice apps. These practice apps make it really easy to just blitz apps make it really easy to just blitz apps make it really easy to just blitz through a bunch of flashcard style through a bunch of flashcard style through a bunch of flashcard style things. things. things. Uh, they allow you to, you know, Uh, they allow you to, you know, Uh, they allow you to, you know, visualize your knowledge in a variety of visualize your knowledge in a variety of visualize your knowledge in a variety of ways. And I use this sort of thing ways. And I use this sort of thing ways. And I use this sort of thing because it's important to have, as because it's important to have, as because it's important to have, as mentioned, not just like a textual mentioned, not just like a textual mentioned, not just like a textual ability to understand a subject, but you ability to understand a subject, but you ability to understand a subject, but you have to be able to articulate it like have to be able to articulate it like have to be able to articulate it like with your words. You have to be able to with your words. You have to be able to with your words. You have to be able to like visualize it on a screen. You know, like visualize it on a screen. You know, like visualize it on a screen. You know, hey, draw a thing that corresponds to hey, draw a thing that corresponds to hey, draw a thing that corresponds to this thing. Claude and other AI agents this thing. Claude and other AI agents this thing. Claude and other AI agents are actually the level where you can are actually the level where you can are actually the level where you can legitimately do this today. You don't legitimately do this today. You don't legitimately do this today. You don't need to like have a whole examiner doing need to like have a whole examiner doing need to like have a whole examiner doing that for you. And they can do it for

[26:53] that for you. And they can do it for that for you. And they can do it for cents on the dollar. Um so building cents on the dollar. Um so building cents on the dollar. Um so building practice apps and stuff like that can practice apps and stuff like that can practice apps and stuff like that can also be very cool. also be very cool. also be very cool. Ultimately, just run it, get feedback, Ultimately, just run it, get feedback, Ultimately, just run it, get feedback, continuously make it harder, run it continuously make it harder, run it continuously make it harder, run it again. This thing's like the hyperbolic again. This thing's like the hyperbolic again. This thing's like the hyperbolic time chamber for knowledge. Finally, time chamber for knowledge. Finally, time chamber for knowledge. Finally, there is a case against AI. Um the big there is a case against AI. Um the big there is a case against AI. Um the big case is learning tends to happen during case is learning tends to happen during case is learning tends to happen during the struggle. If you think about the the struggle. If you think about the the struggle. If you think about the difficulty on this graph is the Y axis difficulty on this graph is the Y axis difficulty on this graph is the Y axis and the amount of time it takes sort of and the amount of time it takes sort of and the amount of time it takes sort of as the X axis. Well, maybe that's not as the X axis. Well, maybe that's not as the X axis. Well, maybe that's not entirely correct, but the the difficulty entirely correct, but the the difficulty entirely correct, but the the difficulty is this hump here. Um you know, normally is this hump here. Um you know, normally is this hump here. Um you know, normally you would have to go through a hump of you would have to go through a hump of you would have to go through a hump of really squinting at the screen and really squinting at the screen and really squinting at the screen and being, "What the hell is going on? I

[27:23] being, "What the hell is going on? I being, "What the hell is going on? I can't make this work." in order to learn can't make this work." in order to learn can't make this work." in order to learn something cuz again, it's active something cuz again, it's active something cuz again, it's active production. AI allows you to shortcut production. AI allows you to shortcut production. AI allows you to shortcut that a lot of the time, and that leads that a lot of the time, and that leads that a lot of the time, and that leads to you ultimately remembering nothing. to you ultimately remembering nothing. to you ultimately remembering nothing. Um you know, if it explains something to Um you know, if it explains something to Um you know, if it explains something to you, it'll feel like understanding, but you, it'll feel like understanding, but you, it'll feel like understanding, but it isn't. Uh a very interesting it isn't. Uh a very interesting it isn't. Uh a very interesting scientific result a few years ago was scientific result a few years ago was scientific result a few years ago was that people that use like GPS apps tend that people that use like GPS apps tend that people that use like GPS apps tend to have poorer representations of their to have poorer representations of their to have poorer representations of their environment in their brains. And I think environment in their brains. And I think environment in their brains. And I think AI is quite similar in so far that, you AI is quite similar in so far that, you AI is quite similar in so far that, you know, if you're not doing the thinking know, if you're not doing the thinking know, if you're not doing the thinking now, you're just shortcutting it to get now, you're just shortcutting it to get now, you're just shortcutting it to get to the end result. It will, like a GPS, to the end result. It will, like a GPS, to the end result. It will, like a GPS, weaken the brain regions that are

[27:53] weaken the brain regions that are weaken the brain regions that are responsible ultimately for coming up responsible ultimately for coming up responsible ultimately for coming up with the logic that gets you places. So, with the logic that gets you places. So, with the logic that gets you places. So, you know, you know, you know, when AI agrees with you, when you're when AI agrees with you, when you're when AI agrees with you, when you're half right, when it invents random half right, when it invents random half right, when it invents random numbers and sources, it turns this numbers and sources, it turns this numbers and sources, it turns this process of learning and struggling into process of learning and struggling into process of learning and struggling into just collecting a bunch of notes, let's just collecting a bunch of notes, let's just collecting a bunch of notes, let's say, on a subject. This, of course, can say, on a subject. This, of course, can say, on a subject. This, of course, can actually be very detrimental to your actually be very detrimental to your actually be very detrimental to your learning. learning. learning. The important thing to realize is you The important thing to realize is you The important thing to realize is you don't have to use AI the same way that don't have to use AI the same way that don't have to use AI the same way that everybody else is using AI. AI, at the everybody else is using AI. AI, at the everybody else is using AI. AI, at the end of the day, can be a thought end of the day, can be a thought end of the day, can be a thought partner, and it can improve multiple partner, and it can improve multiple partner, and it can improve multiple areas of your life. You just cannot fall areas of your life. You just cannot fall areas of your life. You just cannot fall into that default way that people uh

[28:23] into that default way that people uh into that default way that people uh tend to, you know, be incentivized to tend to, you know, be incentivized to tend to, you know, be incentivized to use it. Hey, Claude, make me a billion use it. Hey, Claude, make me a billion use it. Hey, Claude, make me a billion dollars and make no mistakes. I want to dollars and make no mistakes. I want to dollars and make no mistakes. I want to be the president of the United States, be the president of the United States, be the president of the United States, Codex, so I want you to make it happen. Codex, so I want you to make it happen. Codex, so I want you to make it happen. Like you you're going to need to spend a Like you you're going to need to spend a Like you you're going to need to spend a little bit more time and effort being little bit more time and effort being little bit more time and effort being strategic about how you deploy it until, strategic about how you deploy it until, strategic about how you deploy it until, you know, we get to the point where it's you know, we get to the point where it's you know, we get to the point where it's just generally a lot more intelligent. just generally a lot more intelligent. just generally a lot more intelligent. So, it's the same thing with any So, it's the same thing with any So, it's the same thing with any technology, right? It's the same thing technology, right? It's the same thing technology, right? It's the same thing with social media apps. It's the same with social media apps. It's the same with social media apps. It's the same thing with, you know, Facebook. There thing with, you know, Facebook. There thing with, you know, Facebook. There are a lot of useful and legitimate uses are a lot of useful and legitimate uses are a lot of useful and legitimate uses of technology like Facebook, but the of technology like Facebook, but the of technology like Facebook, but the default mode, the way that most people default mode, the way that most people default mode, the way that most people use technology like this, is pretty bad.

[28:54] use technology like this, is pretty bad. use technology like this, is pretty bad. And so, it's important just to And so, it's important just to And so, it's important just to understand that you have the ability to understand that you have the ability to understand that you have the ability to make this powerful for you. And make this powerful for you. And make this powerful for you. And hopefully, this video has helped hopefully, this video has helped hopefully, this video has helped illuminate at least a little bit about illuminate at least a little bit about illuminate at least a little bit about how to do that. Really hope you guys how to do that. Really hope you guys how to do that. Really hope you guys appreciated the video. Had a lot of fun appreciated the video. Had a lot of fun appreciated the video. Had a lot of fun putting it together. As mentioned, I use putting it together. As mentioned, I use putting it together. As mentioned, I use tools like this virtually every day in tools like this virtually every day in tools like this virtually every day in my own life and my own business in order my own life and my own business in order my own life and my own business in order to achieve what I would consider to be, to achieve what I would consider to be, to achieve what I would consider to be, you know, pretty above average results. you know, pretty above average results. you know, pretty above average results. You guys want to learn how to do this You guys want to learn how to do this You guys want to learn how to do this sort of thing yourself practically for sort of thing yourself practically for sort of thing yourself practically for the purposes of a business, definitely the purposes of a business, definitely the purposes of a business, definitely check out Maker School in the check out Maker School in the check out Maker School in the description. It's my 90-day description. It's my 90-day description. It's my 90-day accountability program where I help accountability program where I help accountability program where I help people get their very first paying people get their very first paying people get their very first paying customer for an AI or automation customer for an AI or automation customer for an AI or automation service, or I give you all your money service, or I give you all your money service, or I give you all your money back. I developed it using the similar

[29:25] back. I developed it using the similar back. I developed it using the similar concepts and methodologies to what I concepts and methodologies to what I concepts and methodologies to what I talked about today. So, talked about today. So, talked about today. So, absolutely give it a go. Aside from absolutely give it a go. Aside from abso

[…truncated at 120000 characters]