# Transcript: CLAUDE CODE ADVANCED FULL COURSE (3 HOURS)

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPtmKh1vMN8
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 3:18:22 · Words: 139448
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=UPtmKh1vMN8

## Transcript
[0:01] Hey, this is the definitive Claude Code Hey, this is the definitive Claude Code course for advanced users. I use Claude course for advanced users. I use Claude course for advanced users. I use Claude Code and AI agents in my own business Code and AI agents in my own business Code and AI agents in my own business everyday to generate over $4 million a everyday to generate over $4 million a everyday to generate over $4 million a year in profit. I also teach around year in profit. I also teach around year in profit. I also teach around 2,000 people how to use Claude Code and 2,000 people how to use Claude Code and 2,000 people how to use Claude Code and other tools to improve their lives both other tools to improve their lives both other tools to improve their lives both personally and business. Okay, so this personally and business. Okay, so this personally and business. Okay, so this course is going to assume a foundation course is going to assume a foundation course is going to assume a foundation of Claude Code experience. It's not for of Claude Code experience. It's not for of Claude Code experience. It's not for total beginners, but if you are total total beginners, but if you are total total beginners, but if you are total beginner and you happen to stumble on beginner and you happen to stumble on beginner and you happen to stumble on this course, that's okay. Just look over this course, that's okay. Just look over this course, that's okay. Just look over my left shoulder here, click that my left shoulder here, click that my left shoulder here, click that button, and then I have a 4-hour guide button, and then I have a 4-hour guide button, and then I have a 4-hour guide that will walk you through everything that will walk you through everything that will walk you through everything you need to get to the point where you you need to get to the point where you you need to get to the point where you understand what I'm about to say. understand what I'm about to say. understand what I'm about to say. Assuming you're still here, no fluff,

[0:31] Assuming you're still here, no fluff, Assuming you're still here, no fluff, here's what we're going to cover. Let's here's what we're going to cover. Let's here's what we're going to cover. Let's start with an advanced look at start with an advanced look at start with an advanced look at Claude.mds and system prompts, and learn Claude.mds and system prompts, and learn Claude.mds and system prompts, and learn how to optimize these to actually how to optimize these to actually how to optimize these to actually improve quality, which is simpler than improve quality, which is simpler than improve quality, which is simpler than you think. We'll then cover agent you think. We'll then cover agent you think. We'll then cover agent harnesses and how to build larger harnesses and how to build larger harnesses and how to build larger projects with Claude Code. After that, projects with Claude Code. After that, projects with Claude Code. After that, we'll chat agent teams and other we'll chat agent teams and other we'll chat agent teams and other examples of extreme task examples of extreme task examples of extreme task parallelization. Then we'll do skills, parallelization. Then we'll do skills, parallelization. Then we'll do skills, sub-agents, and other forms of sub-agents, and other forms of sub-agents, and other forms of organization. After that, I'll cover organization. After that, I'll cover organization. After that, I'll cover Carpathy's auto research approach for Carpathy's auto research approach for Carpathy's auto research approach for improving stuff progressively over time, improving stuff progressively over time, improving stuff progressively over time, and a few actual use cases you can apply and a few actual use cases you can apply and a few actual use cases you can apply this to, not just fancy demos. We'll this to, not just fancy demos. We'll this to, not just fancy demos. We'll then talk browser automation, the major then talk browser automation, the major then talk browser automation, the major players. We'll do computer use, browser

[1:01] players. We'll do computer use, browser players. We'll do computer use, browser use, and which tools to apply to use, and which tools to apply to use, and which tools to apply to different use cases depending on what different use cases depending on what different use cases depending on what you want. I'll then cover how to deal you want. I'll then cover how to deal you want. I'll then cover how to deal with performance fluctuations in Claude with performance fluctuations in Claude with performance fluctuations in Claude Code because they do happen, as well as Code because they do happen, as well as Code because they do happen, as well as some alternatives that you guys could some alternatives that you guys could some alternatives that you guys could use and ways to bundle in multi-agent use and ways to bundle in multi-agent use and ways to bundle in multi-agent orchestration into your workflow. We'll orchestration into your workflow. We'll orchestration into your workflow. We'll then cover workspace organization, so then cover workspace organization, so then cover workspace organization, so for personal, business, and then even for personal, business, and then even for personal, business, and then even client projects assuming you're selling client projects assuming you're selling client projects assuming you're selling the sort of thing as a service. Security the sort of thing as a service. Security the sort of thing as a service. Security for larger projects, we'll chat stuff for larger projects, we'll chat stuff for larger projects, we'll chat stuff like the recent auto mode. We'll talk a like the recent auto mode. We'll talk a like the recent auto mode. We'll talk a little bit about OAuth. And at the end, little bit about OAuth. And at the end, little bit about OAuth. And at the end, I'll finally round it out with a I'll finally round it out with a I'll finally round it out with a discussion about where I think Claude discussion about where I think Claude discussion about where I think Claude Code is going and the future of work Code is going and the future of work Code is going and the future of work more generally. Hopefully you're as more generally. Hopefully you're as more generally. Hopefully you're as excited as I am to level up your Claude

[1:32] excited as I am to level up your Claude excited as I am to level up your Claude Code skills. Please use the bookmarks Code skills. Please use the bookmarks Code skills. Please use the bookmarks and chapter headings as needed to jump and chapter headings as needed to jump and chapter headings as needed to jump around the course. Subscribe to the around the course. Subscribe to the around the course. Subscribe to the channel, and let's get into it. channel, and let's get into it. channel, and let's get into it. So for most of the course, I'm going to So for most of the course, I'm going to So for most of the course, I'm going to be building directly using the Claude be building directly using the Claude be building directly using the Claude Code extension inside of Antigravity. Code extension inside of Antigravity. Code extension inside of Antigravity. That's this over here. If you don't have That's this over here. If you don't have That's this over here. If you don't have Antigravity installed, this isn't Antigravity installed, this isn't Antigravity installed, this isn't installation tutorial, but get that from installation tutorial, but get that from installation tutorial, but get that from Google's official antigravity.google Google's official antigravity.google Google's official antigravity.google website. Then head over to to website. Then head over to to website. Then head over to to click on Claude Code for VS Code, give click on Claude Code for VS Code, give click on Claude Code for VS Code, give that an install, and then everywhere you that an install, and then everywhere you that an install, and then everywhere you go, you'll have this little Claude logo

[2:02] go, you'll have this little Claude logo go, you'll have this little Claude logo that you can use to spin things up. that you can use to spin things up. that you can use to spin things up. After a brief login, you'll have more or After a brief login, you'll have more or After a brief login, you'll have more or less the exact same layout that I do. I less the exact same layout that I do. I less the exact same layout that I do. I want you to know, though, that the want you to know, though, that the want you to know, though, that the Claude desktop app is also getting Claude desktop app is also getting Claude desktop app is also getting better and better by the day. And better and better by the day. And better and better by the day. And because Claude is attempting to get you, because Claude is attempting to get you, because Claude is attempting to get you, obviously, on their infrastructure as obviously, on their infrastructure as obviously, on their infrastructure as opposed to on your own, they're just opposed to on your own, they're just opposed to on your own, they're just continuously adding new cool features continuously adding new cool features continuously adding new cool features that allow you to do things like mobile that allow you to do things like mobile that allow you to do things like mobile development and so on and so forth. So, development and so on and so forth. So, development and so on and so forth. So, everything I'm going to show you today everything I'm going to show you today everything I'm going to show you today works in both the Claude Code tab of the works in both the Claude Code tab of the works in both the Claude Code tab of the Claude desktop app, also works natively Claude desktop app, also works natively Claude desktop app, also works natively inside of a Claude Code's extension with inside of a Claude Code's extension with inside of a Claude Code's extension with an anti-gravity or some other, you know,

[2:32] an anti-gravity or some other, you know, an anti-gravity or some other, you know, IDE-like thing. So, if you're IDE-like thing. So, if you're IDE-like thing. So, if you're intimidated at all by the way that I've intimidated at all by the way that I've intimidated at all by the way that I've laid things out, what all these laid things out, what all these laid things out, what all these different folders mean, and how they different folders mean, and how they different folders mean, and how they collaborate in order to improve your collaborate in order to improve your collaborate in order to improve your workflow, I'm going to cover all that in workflow, I'm going to cover all that in workflow, I'm going to cover all that in this course. First, though, we're going this course. First, though, we're going this course. First, though, we're going to cover claude.md and other advanced to cover claude.md and other advanced to cover claude.md and other advanced system prompts. Basically, how to set up system prompts. Basically, how to set up system prompts. Basically, how to set up your system prompts in a very efficient your system prompts in a very efficient your system prompts in a very efficient and effective way, both to save you and effective way, both to save you and effective way, both to save you financially, but also to improve the financially, but also to improve the financially, but also to improve the quality of your outputs, and quality of your outputs, and quality of your outputs, and significantly minimize the amount of significantly minimize the amount of significantly minimize the amount of time it takes to build anything. So, time it takes to build anything. So, time it takes to build anything. So, what is a claude.md really? Well, as far what is a claude.md really? Well, as far what is a claude.md really? Well, as far as I could tell, it's four things. The as I could tell, it's four things. The as I could tell, it's four things. The first is it's a form of knowledge

[3:02] first is it's a form of knowledge first is it's a form of knowledge compression, okay? And when I say compression, okay? And when I say compression, okay? And when I say knowledge compression, what I mean is, knowledge compression, what I mean is, knowledge compression, what I mean is, instead of Claude having to read through instead of Claude having to read through instead of Claude having to read through your entire workspace, you know, file by your entire workspace, you know, file by your entire workspace, you know, file by file, like for instance, over here, file, like for instance, over here, file, like for instance, over here, instead of it having to open up every instead of it having to open up every instead of it having to open up every single folder here, every single one single folder here, every single one single folder here, every single one here, read through all of the files and here, read through all of the files and here, read through all of the files and so on and so forth, to be able to reason so on and so forth, to be able to reason so on and so forth, to be able to reason and then make high-level declarations and then make high-level declarations and then make high-level declarations about your code base or folder, about your code base or folder, about your code base or folder, what your claude.md what your claude.md what your claude.md okay, is it basically just compresses okay, is it basically just compresses okay, is it basically just compresses all of that down into a highly succinct all of that down into a highly succinct all of that down into a highly succinct summary of what the heck is going on in

[3:33] summary of what the heck is going on in summary of what the heck is going on in your freaking folder. So, that the next your freaking folder. So, that the next your freaking folder. So, that the next time you say, "Hey, what was that file I time you say, "Hey, what was that file I time you say, "Hey, what was that file I made a couple of weeks ago about X, Y, made a couple of weeks ago about X, Y, made a couple of weeks ago about X, Y, and Z?" and Z?" and Z?" Claude doesn't have to look through Claude doesn't have to look through Claude doesn't have to look through every single file in your code base, you every single file in your code base, you every single file in your code base, you don't have to spend a tremendous amount don't have to spend a tremendous amount don't have to spend a tremendous amount on tokens, and you also don't have to on tokens, and you also don't have to on tokens, and you also don't have to wait a long time. It's just sort of wait a long time. It's just sort of wait a long time. It's just sort of baked into the claude.md, or at least a baked into the claude.md, or at least a baked into the claude.md, or at least a reference to where the file lives is reference to where the file lives is reference to where the file lives is baked into the claude.md. Um so you can baked into the claude.md. Um so you can baked into the claude.md. Um so you can actually like reason with it at a actually like reason with it at a actually like reason with it at a superficial level, at a bird's eye superficial level, at a bird's eye superficial level, at a bird's eye level, as opposed to actually going down level, as opposed to actually going down level, as opposed to actually going down through the weeds. through the weeds. through the weeds. So that's sort of like the very first So that's sort of like the very first So that's sort of like the very first thing that I'd say, you know, a thing that I'd say, you know, a thing that I'd say, you know, a Claude.md is.

[4:03] Claude.md is. Claude.md is. The second thing that a Claude.md is is The second thing that a Claude.md is is The second thing that a Claude.md is is it's obviously your own preferences as a it's obviously your own preferences as a it's obviously your own preferences as a user. user. user. And what you'll find is, you know, more And what you'll find is, you know, more And what you'll find is, you know, more or less every time Anthropic updates or less every time Anthropic updates or less every time Anthropic updates Claude code, you have better and better Claude code, you have better and better Claude code, you have better and better baked-in native preferences and baked-in native preferences and baked-in native preferences and conventions for things like, you know, conventions for things like, you know, conventions for things like, you know, delivering you file paths or delivering you file paths or delivering you file paths or how to deal with like documentation or how to deal with like documentation or how to deal with like documentation or debugging or how to update itself and so debugging or how to update itself and so debugging or how to update itself and so on and so forth. But obviously, Claude on and so forth. But obviously, Claude on and so forth. But obviously, Claude code lags behind these preferences a code lags behind these preferences a code lags behind these preferences a little bit little bit little bit because they have to see what users are

[4:33] because they have to see what users are because they have to see what users are actually using it for and and you know, actually using it for and and you know, actually using it for and and you know, like they collect that information and like they collect that information and like they collect that information and figure out what ways to make things more figure out what ways to make things more figure out what ways to make things more effective. So if you're an advanced effective. So if you're an advanced effective. So if you're an advanced user, as I am, you'll have a list of user, as I am, you'll have a list of user, as I am, you'll have a list of these preferences and conventions that these preferences and conventions that these preferences and conventions that improve your user experience. And improve your user experience. And improve your user experience. And advanced users will always have just advanced users will always have just advanced users will always have just some better preferences that kind of some better preferences that kind of some better preferences that kind of adapt their own workflow as well as, you adapt their own workflow as well as, you adapt their own workflow as well as, you know, programming conventions, um ways know, programming conventions, um ways know, programming conventions, um ways to organize information, structures, and to organize information, structures, and to organize information, structures, and and that sort of thing. Okay? So it's and that sort of thing. Okay? So it's and that sort of thing. Okay? So it's both a form of knowledge compression, both a form of knowledge compression, both a form of knowledge compression, but it's also preferences and but it's also preferences and but it's also preferences and conventions that are not natively baked conventions that are not natively baked conventions that are not natively baked in that you get to decide on. in that you get to decide on. in that you get to decide on. The third thing that Claude.md is is

[5:04] The third thing that Claude.md is is The third thing that Claude.md is is it's a declaration of capabilities. it's a declaration of capabilities. it's a declaration of capabilities. Now, I don't know how many times this Now, I don't know how many times this Now, I don't know how many times this has happened, but if you do not have a has happened, but if you do not have a has happened, but if you do not have a substantiated enough Claude.md, and then substantiated enough Claude.md, and then substantiated enough Claude.md, and then you have, let's say, a skill somewhere you have, let's say, a skill somewhere you have, let's say, a skill somewhere in your your workspace where you have in your your workspace where you have in your your workspace where you have just some knowledge sort of floating just some knowledge sort of floating just some knowledge sort of floating around in a few files. around in a few files. around in a few files. And you say, "Hey Claude, do XYZ thing And you say, "Hey Claude, do XYZ thing And you say, "Hey Claude, do XYZ thing for me. Go, you know, find some for me. Go, you know, find some for me. Go, you know, find some knowledge on XYZ person or go do some knowledge on XYZ person or go do some knowledge on XYZ person or go do some research or you know, compile a plan research or you know, compile a plan research or you know, compile a plan using XYZ framework." using XYZ framework." using XYZ framework." Half the time, okay, if it's not in your Half the time, okay, if it's not in your Half the time, okay, if it's not in your Claude.md, Claude will just look at you, Claude.md, Claude will just look at you, Claude.md, Claude will just look at you, metaphorically obviously, it doesn't metaphorically obviously, it doesn't metaphorically obviously, it doesn't have eyes yet. And it will say like, have eyes yet. And it will say like, have eyes yet. And it will say like, "Oh, like I don't have a built-in way to

[5:35] "Oh, like I don't have a built-in way to "Oh, like I don't have a built-in way to do this. Sorry, what were you referring do this. Sorry, what were you referring do this. Sorry, what were you referring to? Do you want me to build something to? Do you want me to build something to? Do you want me to build something from scratch? I'll happy to do it." from scratch? I'll happy to do it." from scratch? I'll happy to do it." And this this sort of slow down loop is And this this sort of slow down loop is And this this sort of slow down loop is completely unnecessary. And so what completely unnecessary. And so what completely unnecessary. And so what Claude.md allows you to do is basically Claude.md allows you to do is basically Claude.md allows you to do is basically allows you just to itemize, okay? allows you just to itemize, okay? allows you just to itemize, okay? You know, everything your agent can You know, everything your agent can You know, everything your agent can currently do within your workspace and currently do within your workspace and currently do within your workspace and you can make that really clear. You you can make that really clear. You you can make that really clear. You could say, "Hey, you currently have could say, "Hey, you currently have could say, "Hey, you currently have access to this functionality. You can do access to this functionality. You can do access to this functionality. You can do this. Hey, this. Hey, this. Hey, you know, you can build a full step plan you know, you can build a full step plan you know, you can build a full step plan that lasts 10 or 15 minutes and then that lasts 10 or 15 minutes and then that lasts 10 or 15 minutes and then execute it on an autonomy." In fact, execute it on an autonomy." In fact, execute it on an autonomy." In fact, that's my that's my preference or the that's my that's my preference or the that's my that's my preference or the convention that we're using. You know,

[6:05] convention that we're using. You know, convention that we're using. You know, you can call this API, you can call this you can call this API, you can call this you can call this API, you can call this database, you can retrieve all this database, you can retrieve all this database, you can retrieve all this information, you can act autonomously information, you can act autonomously information, you can act autonomously using browsers and so on and so forth. using browsers and so on and so forth. using browsers and so on and so forth. The reason why that's important is The reason why that's important is The reason why that's important is because as agentic as Claude is, because as agentic as Claude is, because as agentic as Claude is, hopefully we're we're all still on the hopefully we're we're all still on the hopefully we're we're all still on the same page here same page here same page here about this fact. Claude still lacks a about this fact. Claude still lacks a about this fact. Claude still lacks a lot of agency, okay? If you ask it to, lot of agency, okay? If you ask it to, lot of agency, okay? If you ask it to, you know, help you do something or if you know, help you do something or if you know, help you do something or if you ask it how long it would take to do you ask it how long it would take to do you ask it how long it would take to do something, it'll often significantly something, it'll often significantly something, it'll often significantly underestimate or overestimate because underestimate or overestimate because underestimate or overestimate because it's not really factoring in its own it's not really factoring in its own it's not really factoring in its own agentic capabilities. Like I asked it agentic capabilities. Like I asked it agentic capabilities. Like I asked it the other day, "Um hey, you know, how the other day, "Um hey, you know, how the other day, "Um hey, you know, how long is would this XYZ thing take to long is would this XYZ thing take to long is would this XYZ thing take to build?" And then it was like, "About 3

[6:36] build?" And then it was like, "About 3 build?" And then it was like, "About 3 months or so because you would have to months or so because you would have to months or so because you would have to build this, you'd have to build that, build this, you'd have to build that, build this, you'd have to build that, you'd have to build that." And it's you'd have to build that." And it's you'd have to build that." And it's obviously like, "No, I don't have to obviously like, "No, I don't have to obviously like, "No, I don't have to build that. I'm asking you to build it. build that. I'm asking you to build it. build that. I'm asking you to build it. You could build it in 5 seconds, so why You could build it in 5 seconds, so why You could build it in 5 seconds, so why don't you just go ahead and do it?" Or, don't you just go ahead and do it?" Or, don't you just go ahead and do it?" Or, you know, you're having it do some API you know, you're having it do some API you know, you're having it do some API stuff and then it sends you a little stuff and then it sends you a little stuff and then it sends you a little command line interface prompt and it's command line interface prompt and it's command line interface prompt and it's like, "Hey, just pump this into the like, "Hey, just pump this into the like, "Hey, just pump this into the terminal." It sort of needs reminders terminal." It sort of needs reminders terminal." It sort of needs reminders that no, I don't have to do this. That's that no, I don't have to do this. That's that no, I don't have to do this. That's why I'm asking you to do it. So, you can why I'm asking you to do it. So, you can why I'm asking you to do it. So, you can actually do all of this stuff, Claude. actually do all of this stuff, Claude. actually do all of this stuff, Claude. Declaring capabilities in this way, Declaring capabilities in this way, Declaring capabilities in this way, whether it's your own personal like whether it's your own personal like whether it's your own personal like tooling or workflows or whatever or it's tooling or workflows or whatever or it's tooling or workflows or whatever or it's you know, Claude understanding that it you know, Claude understanding that it you know, Claude understanding that it has the ability to do things that it

[7:06] has the ability to do things that it has the ability to do things that it might not realize at first glance is might not realize at first glance is might not realize at first glance is pretty important. pretty important. pretty important. And then finally, the fourth thing that And then finally, the fourth thing that And then finally, the fourth thing that a Claude in MD is is it's a log of a Claude in MD is is it's a log of a Claude in MD is is it's a log of failures and successes. What I mean by failures and successes. What I mean by failures and successes. What I mean by this is as you accumulate various files, this is as you accumulate various files, this is as you accumulate various files, as you accumulate, you know, bits of as you accumulate, you know, bits of as you accumulate, you know, bits of code through your project and stuff like code through your project and stuff like code through your project and stuff like that, every single one of these things that, every single one of these things that, every single one of these things is hard-won. You didn't get them for is hard-won. You didn't get them for is hard-won. You didn't get them for free. Realistically, you spent tokens free. Realistically, you spent tokens free. Realistically, you spent tokens and then your time, which are soon to be and then your time, which are soon to be and then your time, which are soon to be two of the world's most valuable two of the world's most valuable two of the world's most valuable resources. And so, because you spent all resources. And so, because you spent all resources. And so, because you spent all this time and energy, it is more this time and energy, it is more this time and energy, it is more efficient for you to take all of the

[7:38] efficient for you to take all of the efficient for you to take all of the learnings basically from every single learnings basically from every single learnings basically from every single piece of development or so, every single piece of development or so, every single piece of development or so, every single action Claude does And then insert it in action Claude does And then insert it in action Claude does And then insert it in its next system prompt, then just have its next system prompt, then just have its next system prompt, then just have it restart kind of from scratch every it restart kind of from scratch every it restart kind of from scratch every time. You know, viewed another way, time. You know, viewed another way, time. You know, viewed another way, mathematically, if this is the total mathematically, if this is the total mathematically, if this is the total space of all of the different possible space of all of the different possible space of all of the different possible things that Claude could do when you things that Claude could do when you things that Claude could do when you say, "Hey, do X." say, "Hey, do X." say, "Hey, do X." What this log of failures and successes What this log of failures and successes What this log of failures and successes is doing is it's basically carving out is doing is it's basically carving out is doing is it's basically carving out big chunks of this theoretical solution big chunks of this theoretical solution big chunks of this theoretical solution space and it's saying, "Hey, no, you you space and it's saying, "Hey, no, you you space and it's saying, "Hey, no, you you don't do anything over here because

[8:08] don't do anything over here because don't do anything over here because we've already tried all this stuff over we've already tried all this stuff over we've already tried all this stuff over here." This kind of looks like a planet. here." This kind of looks like a planet. here." This kind of looks like a planet. Meaning the only things that you can Meaning the only things that you can Meaning the only things that you can actually try, the only things that you actually try, the only things that you actually try, the only things that you should try are kind of the things that should try are kind of the things that should try are kind of the things that exist in between. exist in between. exist in between. Okay, so basically what this log of Okay, so basically what this log of Okay, so basically what this log of failures and successes does failures and successes does failures and successes does is it just allows you to immediately is it just allows you to immediately is it just allows you to immediately cross out like 80% of all possible cross out like 80% of all possible cross out like 80% of all possible things Claude could do cuz it knows it's things Claude could do cuz it knows it's things Claude could do cuz it knows it's actually tried that in the past and then actually tried that in the past and then actually tried that in the past and then in that way focus its time, effort, your in that way focus its time, effort, your in that way focus its time, effort, your tokens, your money, and then your your tokens, your money, and then your your tokens, your money, and then your your energy on the 20% that actually matters. energy on the 20% that actually matters. energy on the 20% that actually matters. So, these four will exist in different

[8:39] So, these four will exist in different So, these four will exist in different sections in your Claude MD. They'll also sections in your Claude MD. They'll also sections in your Claude MD. They'll also exist at different levels, both global exist at different levels, both global exist at different levels, both global and local. So, what I'm going to do next and local. So, what I'm going to do next and local. So, what I'm going to do next is run you guys through high ROI ways to is run you guys through high ROI ways to is run you guys through high ROI ways to combine these four sort of principles combine these four sort of principles combine these four sort of principles behind system prompts and then apply behind system prompts and then apply behind system prompts and then apply them both in global, local, and then them both in global, local, and then them both in global, local, and then also give you guys sort of like a little also give you guys sort of like a little also give you guys sort of like a little workflow loop that you can use in order workflow loop that you can use in order workflow loop that you can use in order to understand how to update this to understand how to update this to understand how to update this effectively. And this isn't just going effectively. And this isn't just going effectively. And this isn't just going to be some big long system prompt that to be some big long system prompt that to be some big long system prompt that I'm giving you guys like I think we I'm giving you guys like I think we I'm giving you guys like I think we probably all seen floating around probably all seen floating around probably all seen floating around various sources in the internet. The various sources in the internet. The various sources in the internet. The reality is like Claude MDs are highly reality is like Claude MDs are highly reality is like Claude MDs are highly personal devices. personal devices. personal devices. But these are going to be a list of

[9:09] But these are going to be a list of But these are going to be a list of short principles that will almost short principles that will almost short principles that will almost certainly help you design better certainly help you design better certainly help you design better projects and then get more done, whether projects and then get more done, whether projects and then get more done, whether economically or otherwise. So, the way economically or otherwise. So, the way economically or otherwise. So, the way that all this is organized within Claude that all this is organized within Claude that all this is organized within Claude code is using two different scopes, code is using two different scopes, code is using two different scopes, global and local. And if you didn't global and local. And if you didn't global and local. And if you didn't already know, basically there are a already know, basically there are a already know, basically there are a variety of different places that Claude variety of different places that Claude variety of different places that Claude code upon initialization will look to to code upon initialization will look to to code upon initialization will look to to get the prompts that is injected at the get the prompts that is injected at the get the prompts that is injected at the very top of its context window. very top of its context window. very top of its context window. Okay, the two big ones for us are the Okay, the two big ones for us are the Okay, the two big ones for us are the user over here, which is equivalent to user over here, which is equivalent to user over here, which is equivalent to your global, and then also the project

[9:40] your global, and then also the project your global, and then also the project over here, which is equivalent to your over here, which is equivalent to your over here, which is equivalent to your local. And so basically what this means local. And so basically what this means local. And so basically what this means is if you have a file called Claude.md is if you have a file called Claude.md is if you have a file called Claude.md all caps that exists within this folder all caps that exists within this folder all caps that exists within this folder on your computer somewhere, on your computer somewhere, on your computer somewhere, it'll load that up on every Claude code it'll load that up on every Claude code it'll load that up on every Claude code session whether or not you're working in session whether or not you're working in session whether or not you're working in the same workspace or another one. the same workspace or another one. the same workspace or another one. Now, if you have a Claude.md capital Now, if you have a Claude.md capital Now, if you have a Claude.md capital Claude. lowercase md located within a Claude. lowercase md located within a Claude. lowercase md located within a dot Claude folder within your specific dot Claude folder within your specific dot Claude folder within your specific repository directory, then it'll also be repository directory, then it'll also be repository directory, then it'll also be loaded. And in this way, you know, you loaded. And in this way, you know, you loaded. And in this way, you know, you sort of have like a global precedent sort of have like a global precedent sort of have like a global precedent that's always injected at the top of

[10:11] that's always injected at the top of that's always injected at the top of every single thing, okay? No matter every single thing, okay? No matter every single thing, okay? No matter what. And then you also have sort of what. And then you also have sort of what. And then you also have sort of smaller little um you know, local smaller little um you know, local smaller little um you know, local Claude.md that's also injected. And Claude.md that's also injected. And Claude.md that's also injected. And collectively when I say, you know, collectively when I say, you know, collectively when I say, you know, system prompts from here on out, really system prompts from here on out, really system prompts from here on out, really what I'm referring to is I'm referring what I'm referring to is I'm referring what I'm referring to is I'm referring to both of these. I'm not just referring to both of these. I'm not just referring to both of these. I'm not just referring to one of these. to one of these. to one of these. And because global is injected on every And because global is injected on every And because global is injected on every single run, there's sort of like single run, there's sort of like single run, there's sort of like different strategies in order to divide different strategies in order to divide different strategies in order to divide the four things that we just talked the four things that we just talked the four things that we just talked about. Um basically on your global about. Um basically on your global about. Um basically on your global Claude.md, makes more sense to put Claude.md, makes more sense to put Claude.md, makes more sense to put high-level reasoning and then your own high-level reasoning and then your own high-level reasoning and then your own personal beliefs. And then in local personal beliefs. And then in local personal beliefs. And then in local Claude.md, makes more sense to insert

[10:42] Claude.md, makes more sense to insert Claude.md, makes more sense to insert local low-level knowledge. So, stuff local low-level knowledge. So, stuff local low-level knowledge. So, stuff like I just talked about with the um like I just talked about with the um like I just talked about with the um workspace itself. So, you know, if I workspace itself. So, you know, if I workspace itself. So, you know, if I were just enumerating all of these were just enumerating all of these were just enumerating all of these things, up here, okay, you'd put your things, up here, okay, you'd put your things, up here, okay, you'd put your preferences, like your global preferences, like your global preferences, like your global preferences. These could be things like, preferences. These could be things like, preferences. These could be things like, "Hey, you know, when you return a file, "Hey, you know, when you return a file, "Hey, you know, when you return a file, I want you to return the absolute file I want you to return the absolute file I want you to return the absolute file path to click on it because whatever path to click on it because whatever path to click on it because whatever editor I'm using doesn't really have uh editor I'm using doesn't really have uh editor I'm using doesn't really have uh take that into account." You know, it take that into account." You know, it take that into account." You know, it could be things like uh programming could be things like uh programming could be things like uh programming conventions. "Hey, I want you to program conventions. "Hey, I want you to program conventions. "Hey, I want you to program using I don't know, object-oriented using I don't know, object-oriented using I don't know, object-oriented programming." Or, "Hey, I want you to do programming." Or, "Hey, I want you to do programming." Or, "Hey, I want you to do like functional programming in in Rust."

[11:13] like functional programming in in Rust." like functional programming in in Rust." "Hey, when I ask you to develop a new "Hey, when I ask you to develop a new "Hey, when I ask you to develop a new project, I always want it done in Rust project, I always want it done in Rust project, I always want it done in Rust as opposed to, you know, Python." Or or as opposed to, you know, Python." Or or as opposed to, you know, Python." Or or something like that. Alternatively, it something like that. Alternatively, it something like that. Alternatively, it could be stuff like uh "Hey, you know, could be stuff like uh "Hey, you know, could be stuff like uh "Hey, you know, if I ask you to do something using a if I ask you to do something using a if I ask you to do something using a tool you're unfamiliar with, always go tool you're unfamiliar with, always go tool you're unfamiliar with, always go and read the API documentation first and read the API documentation first and read the API documentation first before attempting to start because every before attempting to start because every before attempting to start because every other time that you've attempted to do other time that you've attempted to do other time that you've attempted to do something without the API documentation, something without the API documentation, something without the API documentation, you typically run into loops, you waste you typically run into loops, you waste you typically run into loops, you waste XYZ tokens, so make sure to load the API XYZ tokens, so make sure to load the API XYZ tokens, so make sure to load the API docs. By the way, if you can't load the docs. By the way, if you can't load the docs. By the way, if you can't load the API docs through uh you know HTML, then API docs through uh you know HTML, then API docs through uh you know HTML, then make sure to like load up a a Chrome make sure to like load up a a Chrome make sure to like load up a a Chrome DevTools MCP server to go and get that DevTools MCP server to go and get that DevTools MCP server to go and get that stuff, even if it's dynamically loaded

[11:44] stuff, even if it's dynamically loaded stuff, even if it's dynamically loaded through JavaScript. Okay, so these are through JavaScript. Okay, so these are through JavaScript. Okay, so these are high-level reasoning strategies. These high-level reasoning strategies. These high-level reasoning strategies. These are your own preferences. These are your are your own preferences. These are your are your own preferences. These are your own conventions. And then also um these own conventions. And then also um these own conventions. And then also um these are going to be just sort of like agency are going to be just sort of like agency are going to be just sort of like agency capabilities, so stuff like, "Hey capabilities, so stuff like, "Hey capabilities, so stuff like, "Hey Claude, you can actually do X, Y, and Claude, you can actually do X, Y, and Claude, you can actually do X, Y, and Z." If you believe that you can't for Z." If you believe that you can't for Z." If you believe that you can't for whatever reason and you're wrong, you whatever reason and you're wrong, you whatever reason and you're wrong, you can absolutely, you know, go and do can absolutely, you know, go and do can absolutely, you know, go and do whatever you want. The local low-level whatever you want. The local low-level whatever you want. The local low-level knowledge, okay, this is going to be knowledge, okay, this is going to be knowledge, okay, this is going to be stuff like backslash init, which I'll stuff like backslash init, which I'll stuff like backslash init, which I'll show you guys in a second. Um so it's show you guys in a second. Um so it's show you guys in a second. Um so it's going to be like a compressed version going to be like a compressed version going to be like a compressed version of all of the knowledge on your of all of the knowledge on your of all of the knowledge on your workspace. Instead of Claude having to

[12:14] workspace. Instead of Claude having to workspace. Instead of Claude having to in the future go through every single in the future go through every single in the future go through every single file, it'll just be able to read the file, it'll just be able to read the file, it'll just be able to read the Claude on the data sort of a loose Claude on the data sort of a loose Claude on the data sort of a loose understanding, like, "Okay, what's understanding, like, "Okay, what's understanding, like, "Okay, what's where? Why have we built this? What's where? Why have we built this? What's where? Why have we built this? What's the purpose of this workspace?" and so the purpose of this workspace?" and so the purpose of this workspace?" and so on and so forth. Some additional things on and so forth. Some additional things on and so forth. Some additional things you can do are things like context about you can do are things like context about you can do are things like context about you and your goals and your own you and your goals and your own you and your goals and your own reasoning strategies, your own reasoning strategies, your own reasoning strategies, your own communication styles. So I'm going to communication styles. So I'm going to communication styles. So I'm going to give you guys examples of my own Claude give you guys examples of my own Claude give you guys examples of my own Claude on the data in a moment where you guys on the data in a moment where you guys on the data in a moment where you guys see that I actually give it a lot of see that I actually give it a lot of see that I actually give it a lot of context about who I am and why I want context about who I am and why I want context about who I am and why I want what I want. Um I'll run it through, you what I want. Um I'll run it through, you what I want. Um I'll run it through, you know, reasoning strategies that I know, reasoning strategies that I know, reasoning strategies that I personally use that have, you know, personally use that have, you know, personally use that have, you know, yielded me a lot of success in the past. yielded me a lot of success in the past. yielded me a lot of success in the past. They may actually not necessarily be the

[12:44] They may actually not necessarily be the They may actually not necessarily be the optimal reasoning strategies, but which optimal reasoning strategies, but which optimal reasoning strategies, but which I tend to understand and because I'm I tend to understand and because I'm I tend to understand and because I'm communicating with this thing in every communicating with this thing in every communicating with this thing in every freaking every 5 seconds nowadays, I'm freaking every 5 seconds nowadays, I'm freaking every 5 seconds nowadays, I'm I'm better capable of understanding what I'm better capable of understanding what I'm better capable of understanding what it's putting across if we use those it's putting across if we use those it's putting across if we use those principles. principles. principles. Um and then yeah, those high-level Um and then yeah, those high-level Um and then yeah, those high-level preferences and then generally good preferences and then generally good preferences and then generally good token conservation strategies. Whereas token conservation strategies. Whereas token conservation strategies. Whereas with the local, you know, it's a with the local, you know, it's a with the local, you know, it's a description of the project where description of the project where description of the project where everything is low-level preferences, everything is low-level preferences, everything is low-level preferences, like specific API docs and usage. If you like specific API docs and usage. If you like specific API docs and usage. If you are using, you know, the GoHighLevel API are using, you know, the GoHighLevel API are using, you know, the GoHighLevel API to do some project or whatever, you can to do some project or whatever, you can to do some project or whatever, you can actually just like have the whole actually just like have the whole actually just like have the whole GoHighLevel API existing within your GoHighLevel API existing within your GoHighLevel API existing within your project. That'll minimize the number of project. That'll minimize the number of project. That'll minimize the number of tool calls that um Claude has to make

[13:14] tool calls that um Claude has to make tool calls that um Claude has to make to, you know, some sort of research to, you know, some sort of research to, you know, some sort of research sub-agent go and do the thing for you. sub-agent go and do the thing for you. sub-agent go and do the thing for you. Instead, it can remain local, reduce Instead, it can remain local, reduce Instead, it can remain local, reduce total token usage, and then also just be total token usage, and then also just be total token usage, and then also just be faster and then more accurate. And then faster and then more accurate. And then faster and then more accurate. And then capabilities within the project. And capabilities within the project. And capabilities within the project. And then that takes me to the local then that takes me to the local then that takes me to the local workflow. So And then that takes me to workflow. So And then that takes me to workflow. So And then that takes me to workflow. So, there's two sort of workflow. So, there's two sort of workflow. So, there's two sort of workflows here that I want to talk workflows here that I want to talk workflows here that I want to talk about. There's the local workflow, and about. There's the local workflow, and about. There's the local workflow, and then there's the global workflow. And then there's the global workflow. And then there's the global workflow. And the local workflow is going to be the local workflow is going to be the local workflow is going to be responsible for updating our local responsible for updating our local responsible for updating our local Claude and MD, and then the global Claude and MD, and then the global Claude and MD, and then the global workflow is going to be responsible for workflow is going to be responsible for workflow is going to be responsible for updating our global Claude and MD. Like, updating our global Claude and MD. Like, updating our global Claude and MD. Like, it'd be nice if I could just give you on it'd be nice if I could just give you on it'd be nice if I could just give you on a silver platter a bunch of stuff to put a silver platter a bunch of stuff to put a silver platter a bunch of stuff to put in your Claude and MD, right? I think

[13:44] in your Claude and MD, right? I think in your Claude and MD, right? I think that's what a lot of people want. But, that's what a lot of people want. But, that's what a lot of people want. But, you're going to end up a much better you're going to end up a much better you're going to end up a much better both developer and then a much more both developer and then a much more both developer and then a much more productive person if you understand the productive person if you understand the productive person if you understand the principles at play here and develop your principles at play here and develop your principles at play here and develop your own. own. own. So, initially to start, um anytime So, initially to start, um anytime So, initially to start, um anytime you're developing anything in in Claude you're developing anything in in Claude you're developing anything in in Claude code or whatnot, obviously you need to code or whatnot, obviously you need to code or whatnot, obviously you need to plan your feature. And I say feature plan your feature. And I say feature plan your feature. And I say feature here loosely, you know, I use Claude here loosely, you know, I use Claude here loosely, you know, I use Claude code as basically like my business code as basically like my business code as basically like my business assistant nowadays, and so I use it to assistant nowadays, and so I use it to assistant nowadays, and so I use it to do anything from reading my emails to do anything from reading my emails to do anything from reading my emails to grab me new summaries in the morning to grab me new summaries in the morning to grab me new summaries in the morning to to communicate with XYZ people to design to communicate with XYZ people to design to communicate with XYZ people to design me, you know, uh websites and so on and me, you know, uh websites and so on and me, you know, uh websites and so on and so forth. So, feature here is really so forth. So, feature here is really so forth. So, feature here is really loose. I'm not just talking like about a loose. I'm not just talking like about a loose. I'm not just talking like about a five-coded project. I'm talking about

[14:14] five-coded project. I'm talking about five-coded project. I'm talking about anything. anything. anything. But, what you do is you start by But, what you do is you start by But, what you do is you start by planning a feature, right? And then if planning a feature, right? And then if planning a feature, right? And then if you think about it logically, what you think about it logically, what you think about it logically, what Claude does next is it instantiates the Claude does next is it instantiates the Claude does next is it instantiates the feature. However, over the course of feature. However, over the course of feature. However, over the course of planning and instantiating, okay, it planning and instantiating, okay, it planning and instantiating, okay, it will fail a bunch. will fail a bunch. will fail a bunch. It'll also succeed a bunch of other It'll also succeed a bunch of other It'll also succeed a bunch of other times. And ultimately, there'll be a times. And ultimately, there'll be a times. And ultimately, there'll be a giant list of learnings between, you giant list of learnings between, you giant list of learnings between, you know, step one to step two. And so, what know, step one to step two. And so, what know, step one to step two. And so, what you do after you instantiate is you you do after you instantiate is you you do after you instantiate is you actually compile all those learnings, actually compile all those learnings, actually compile all those learnings, okay, into some efficient um high okay, into some efficient um high okay, into some efficient um high information density thing that doesn't

[14:44] information density thing that doesn't information density thing that doesn't see a lot of tokens, then use that to see a lot of tokens, then use that to see a lot of tokens, then use that to update the Claude and MD. update the Claude and MD. update the Claude and MD. And so, this is your local workflow for And so, this is your local workflow for And so, this is your local workflow for managing your system prompt. And you managing your system prompt. And you managing your system prompt. And you basically just do this every time. You basically just do this every time. You basically just do this every time. You plan something, it'll do a bunch of plan something, it'll do a bunch of plan something, it'll do a bunch of failures on the way, then you'll failures on the way, then you'll failures on the way, then you'll instantiate it, you'll take all those instantiate it, you'll take all those instantiate it, you'll take all those learnings, update your Claude and MD. learnings, update your Claude and MD. learnings, update your Claude and MD. That way, the next time you plan a That way, the next time you plan a That way, the next time you plan a feature, it'll already have all the feature, it'll already have all the feature, it'll already have all the benefits of the failures, plus, you benefits of the failures, plus, you benefits of the failures, plus, you know, any additional things that it know, any additional things that it know, any additional things that it learned along the way. learned along the way. learned along the way. And so, the first time around this loop, And so, the first time around this loop, And so, the first time around this loop, you know, it might take uh I don't know, you know, it might take uh I don't know, you know, it might take uh I don't know, let's say X time to develop a feature. let's say X time to develop a feature. let's say X time to develop a feature. The second time around this loop, you The second time around this loop, you The second time around this loop, you know, maybe shaved

[15:15] know, maybe shaved know, maybe shaved off 10% of the the the search space, and off 10% of the the the search space, and off 10% of the the the search space, and it's a lot faster. The third time you it's a lot faster. The third time you it's a lot faster. The third time you go, maybe it takes 0.8X. Okay? And so, go, maybe it takes 0.8X. Okay? And so, go, maybe it takes 0.8X. Okay? And so, like, the time will just get faster and like, the time will just get faster and like, the time will just get faster and faster and faster every time until faster and faster every time until faster and faster every time until eventually you develop things um using eventually you develop things um using eventually you develop things um using Claude in a similar way that you would Claude in a similar way that you would Claude in a similar way that you would develop if you were not using Claude. develop if you were not using Claude. develop if you were not using Claude. Now, here's where it differentiates Now, here's where it differentiates Now, here's where it differentiates between the global workflow. What between the global workflow. What between the global workflow. What happens is, you know, as you accumulate happens is, you know, as you accumulate happens is, you know, as you accumulate a variety of failures, successes, and a variety of failures, successes, and a variety of failures, successes, and learnings, and so on and so forth, your learnings, and so on and so forth, your learnings, and so on and so forth, your current local Claude MD gets really, current local Claude MD gets really, current local Claude MD gets really, really good. After all that's done, what really good. After all that's done, what really good. After all that's done, what you do is, you know, after hundreds of you do is, you know, after hundreds of you do is, you know, after hundreds of these runs, okay, you can either pull a

[15:45] these runs, okay, you can either pull a these runs, okay, you can either pull a slash insights feature or you can run slash insights feature or you can run slash insights feature or you can run that yourself. Let me show you guys how that yourself. Let me show you guys how that yourself. Let me show you guys how to do. to do. to do. What this will do is this will compile What this will do is this will compile What this will do is this will compile not like at a local level, but at a not like at a local level, but at a not like at a local level, but at a global level all of the things that global level all of the things that global level all of the things that Claude attempts Claude attempts Claude attempts uh pretty consistently and then uh pretty consistently and then uh pretty consistently and then struggles with pretty consistently. You struggles with pretty consistently. You struggles with pretty consistently. You know, it's like, "Oh, hey, I noticed know, it's like, "Oh, hey, I noticed know, it's like, "Oh, hey, I noticed that not only on that one project, but that not only on that one project, but that not only on that one project, but also on more or less every project, also on more or less every project, also on more or less every project, Claude consistently goes down silly Claude consistently goes down silly Claude consistently goes down silly rabbit holes it doesn't need to um and rabbit holes it doesn't need to um and rabbit holes it doesn't need to um and then tries coming up with its own stuff then tries coming up with its own stuff then tries coming up with its own stuff instead of just consulting the docs." instead of just consulting the docs." instead of just consulting the docs." And so, you know, after this is done And so, you know, after this is done And so, you know, after this is done three or four times, obviously there's a three or four times, obviously there's a three or four times, obviously there's a trend, right? So, what you can do is you trend, right? So, what you can do is you trend, right? So, what you can do is you can take that information and then you can take that information and then you can take that information and then you can pump that in your global.

[16:16] can pump that in your global. can pump that in your global. Um after that, what I'd recommend is is Um after that, what I'd recommend is is Um after that, what I'd recommend is is I'd recommend you manually review I'd recommend you manually review I'd recommend you manually review because Claude is an agent at the end of because Claude is an agent at the end of because Claude is an agent at the end of the day, and the more AI steps you have, the day, and the more AI steps you have, the day, and the more AI steps you have, the more you compound probabilities, and the more you compound probabilities, and the more you compound probabilities, and the less likely that it becomes that the less likely that it becomes that the less likely that it becomes that Claude itself is making like the right Claude itself is making like the right Claude itself is making like the right call. You know, if like Claude is call. You know, if like Claude is call. You know, if like Claude is independently 90% successful on a task, independently 90% successful on a task, independently 90% successful on a task, and then you give it to another Claude and then you give it to another Claude and then you give it to another Claude which is 90% successful to a task, and which is 90% successful to a task, and which is 90% successful to a task, and then you give it to another Claude, you then you give it to another Claude, you then you give it to another Claude, you know, what you're really doing know, what you're really doing know, what you're really doing mathematically is you're going um 0.9 mathematically is you're going um 0.9 mathematically is you're going um 0.9 raised to the three. And if you just do raised to the three. And if you just do raised to the three. And if you just do a little bit of math there, that's not a little bit of math there, that's not a little bit of math there, that's not 90%, right? 0.9 to the three is 73%.

[16:47] 90%, right? 0.9 to the three is 73%. 90%, right? 0.9 to the three is 73%. And so, I guess what I'm trying to say And so, I guess what I'm trying to say And so, I guess what I'm trying to say is um the more steps you have without a is um the more steps you have without a is um the more steps you have without a human in the loop here, uh the lower the human in the loop here, uh the lower the human in the loop here, uh the lower the likelihood that your total determination likelihood that your total determination likelihood that your total determination will be correct. And because this is will be correct. And because this is will be correct. And because this is your Claude.md, it is your global your Claude.md, it is your global your Claude.md, it is your global preference and convention file, it will preference and convention file, it will preference and convention file, it will be applied to every future project. be applied to every future project. be applied to every future project. Meaning, if there is a place you should Meaning, if there is a place you should Meaning, if there is a place you should spend human time on, it is this exact spend human time on, it is this exact spend human time on, it is this exact step here. So, I'd recommend manually step here. So, I'd recommend manually step here. So, I'd recommend manually reviewing that. Once you manually review reviewing that. Once you manually review reviewing that. Once you manually review that, then you can add some high high that, then you can add some high high that, then you can add some high high ROI bullet points to your Claude.md and ROI bullet points to your Claude.md and ROI bullet points to your Claude.md and so on and so forth, you know, just like so on and so forth, you know, just like so on and so forth, you know, just like a high information density version, and a high information density version, and a high information density version, and then you can actually update the the then you can actually update the the then you can actually update the the Claude.md. And And you can repeat this Claude.md. And And you can repeat this Claude.md. And And you can repeat this loop a few times if you'd like before

[17:17] loop a few times if you'd like before loop a few times if you'd like before finally going back to the local loop. finally going back to the local loop. finally going back to the local loop. And so I mean it's kind of like I don't And so I mean it's kind of like I don't And so I mean it's kind of like I don't know what you want to call it, like an know what you want to call it, like an know what you want to call it, like an infinity sign, okay? Kind of starting infinity sign, okay? Kind of starting infinity sign, okay? Kind of starting here, you're going here, you're going here, you're going kind of like this, and then you're kind kind of like this, and then you're kind kind of like this, and then you're kind of looping back, and then you're just of looping back, and then you're just of looping back, and then you're just doing this over and over and over and doing this over and over and over and doing this over and over and over and over and over again. Obviously, you're over and over again. Obviously, you're over and over again. Obviously, you're going to spend a lot more time in this going to spend a lot more time in this going to spend a lot more time in this loop, but eventually you're going to go loop, but eventually you're going to go loop, but eventually you're going to go down to this loop. down to this loop. down to this loop. And this is how I personally develop And this is how I personally develop And this is how I personally develop using Claude.in.md. This is why my using Claude.in.md. This is why my using Claude.in.md. This is why my workspaces are super tight, and then workspaces are super tight, and then workspaces are super tight, and then instead of me, you know, using a vanilla instead of me, you know, using a vanilla instead of me, you know, using a vanilla version asking it, "Hey, go do X, Y, and version asking it, "Hey, go do X, Y, and version asking it, "Hey, go do X, Y, and Z," and then it like stumbles around, Z," and then it like stumbles around, Z," and then it like stumbles around, uses 20,000 of my tokens, and god knows uses 20,000 of my tokens, and god knows uses 20,000 of my tokens, and god knows how many of my dollars. And when I say,

[17:47] how many of my dollars. And when I say, how many of my dollars. And when I say, "Hey, I'd like you to do X, Y, and Z "Hey, I'd like you to do X, Y, and Z "Hey, I'd like you to do X, Y, and Z thing. I'd like you to scrape some thing. I'd like you to scrape some thing. I'd like you to scrape some leisure over." It already has all that leisure over." It already has all that leisure over." It already has all that stuff baked in, while still being stuff baked in, while still being stuff baked in, while still being flexible enough that I could change them flexible enough that I could change them flexible enough that I could change them anytime that I want. Okay, so next, I'm anytime that I want. Okay, so next, I'm anytime that I want. Okay, so next, I'm going to show you guys basically my going to show you guys basically my going to show you guys basically my workflow every time I start with a new workflow every time I start with a new workflow every time I start with a new project, assuming that I've already done project, assuming that I've already done project, assuming that I've already done a little bit of work in the project. I a little bit of work in the project. I a little bit of work in the project. I don't have a Claude.in.md, and I don't don't have a Claude.in.md, and I don't don't have a Claude.in.md, and I don't really have any of that like advanced really have any of that like advanced really have any of that like advanced tooling or system prompt harnesses stuff tooling or system prompt harnesses stuff tooling or system prompt harnesses stuff set up. This is exactly what I would do set up. This is exactly what I would do set up. This is exactly what I would do step by step. So, first of all, you need step by step. So, first of all, you need step by step. So, first of all, you need to open up a folder. I was just lurking to open up a folder. I was just lurking to open up a folder. I was just lurking about to my toes earlier. That is sort about to my toes earlier. That is sort about to my toes earlier. That is sort of embarrassing. of embarrassing. of embarrassing. But anyway, in antigravity, just go open But anyway, in antigravity, just go open But anyway, in antigravity, just go open recent, and then I'm just going to open recent, and then I'm just going to open recent, and then I'm just going to open up something. Why don't I do you know,

[18:17] up something. Why don't I do you know, up something. Why don't I do you know, antigravity example right over here. antigravity example right over here. antigravity example right over here. And you know, when I'm in this folder And you know, when I'm in this folder And you know, when I'm in this folder right over here, obviously there are a right over here, obviously there are a right over here, obviously there are a bunch of different files and, you know, bunch of different files and, you know, bunch of different files and, you know, configurations. This one is using Gemini configurations. This one is using Gemini configurations. This one is using Gemini for a while. for a while. for a while. So, what I'd like to do next, I'd like So, what I'd like to do next, I'd like So, what I'd like to do next, I'd like to open up a Claude code. And so, I'll to open up a Claude code. And so, I'll to open up a Claude code. And so, I'll click on that button over here. Let's click on that button over here. Let's click on that button over here. Let's close out the agent window cuz I'm team close out the agent window cuz I'm team close out the agent window cuz I'm team Claude at least for the moment. Thank Claude at least for the moment. Thank Claude at least for the moment. Thank you, space invader. you, space invader. you, space invader. And really like the first thing that you And really like the first thing that you And really like the first thing that you do is, you know, do is, you know, do is, you know, you develop on your own. I always you develop on your own. I always you develop on your own. I always recommend just like don't try baking in recommend just like don't try baking in recommend just like don't try baking in any opinions into a Claude.in.md until any opinions into a Claude.in.md until any opinions into a Claude.in.md until you've at least developed with out a you've at least developed with out a you've at least developed with out a Claude.in.md or some sort of advanced

[18:47] Claude.in.md or some sort of advanced Claude.in.md or some sort of advanced system prompt for a little bit. And the system prompt for a little bit. And the system prompt for a little bit. And the reason why is because like you'll find reason why is because like you'll find reason why is because like you'll find Claude's actually really good out of the Claude's actually really good out of the Claude's actually really good out of the box. As mentioned, they're incorporating box. As mentioned, they're incorporating box. As mentioned, they're incorporating more and more of these features natively more and more of these features natively more and more of these features natively within it. within it. within it. And so, like it's it's great. It's not And so, like it's it's great. It's not And so, like it's it's great. It's not like the harness that makes the like the harness that makes the like the harness that makes the intelligence. It's obviously the intelligence. It's obviously the intelligence. It's obviously the intelligence inside of it that sort of, intelligence inside of it that sort of, intelligence inside of it that sort of, you know, communicates with your system you know, communicates with your system you know, communicates with your system prompt to to get good. But right now, prompt to to get good. But right now, prompt to to get good. But right now, it's already fantastic. Anyway, after it's already fantastic. Anyway, after it's already fantastic. Anyway, after you've done some developing for a while, you've done some developing for a while, you've done some developing for a while, this is obviously some sort of website this is obviously some sort of website this is obviously some sort of website here. It's like a template using Veet. here. It's like a template using Veet. here. It's like a template using Veet. Just go {slash} init, just like that. Just go {slash} init, just like that. Just go {slash} init, just like that. And basically, {slash} init will go And basically, {slash} init will go And basically, {slash} init will go through, read every single file in your through, read every single file in your through, read every single file in your workspace, which I'm currently doing workspace, which I'm currently doing workspace, which I'm currently doing with fast mode, if you're wondering why

[19:17] with fast mode, if you're wondering why with fast mode, if you're wondering why this is probably faster than than what this is probably faster than than what this is probably faster than than what you're doing. you're doing. you're doing. And then at the end of it, it'll come up And then at the end of it, it'll come up And then at the end of it, it'll come up with a basically like a highly optimized with a basically like a highly optimized with a basically like a highly optimized Claude.md that succinctly and Claude.md that succinctly and Claude.md that succinctly and effectively summarizes the placement of effectively summarizes the placement of effectively summarizes the placement of everything here. And you can see it just everything here. And you can see it just everything here. And you can see it just generated one called Claude.md. So, generated one called Claude.md. So, generated one called Claude.md. So, comes with the build dev lint commands. comes with the build dev lint commands. comes with the build dev lint commands. Note that no test framework exists from Note that no test framework exists from Note that no test framework exists from architecture review key dependencies and architecture review key dependencies and architecture review key dependencies and their roles, then some style conventions their roles, then some style conventions their roles, then some style conventions as well. So, now I'm going to open up as well. So, now I'm going to open up as well. So, now I'm going to open up this Claude.md. Okay, and why don't we this Claude.md. Okay, and why don't we this Claude.md. Okay, and why don't we just move this over to the main window, just move this over to the main window, just move this over to the main window, so it's a little bit easier to see. And so it's a little bit easier to see. And so it's a little bit easier to see. And you can see that more or less it it just

[19:47] you can see that more or less it it just you can see that more or less it it just at a very high-level summary takes every at a very high-level summary takes every at a very high-level summary takes every single line in my entire workspace, then single line in my entire workspace, then single line in my entire workspace, then it just significantly increases the it just significantly increases the it just significantly increases the information density at a cost of like information density at a cost of like information density at a cost of like total comprehensiveness. So, what I have total comprehensiveness. So, what I have total comprehensiveness. So, what I have now is I is I have a summary of now is I is I have a summary of now is I is I have a summary of everything. everything. everything. So, that means is the next time that I So, that means is the next time that I So, that means is the next time that I ask Claude anything about my workspace, ask Claude anything about my workspace, ask Claude anything about my workspace, okay, the next the next go around, okay, the next the next go around, okay, the next the next go around, um I don't actually have to like have it um I don't actually have to like have it um I don't actually have to like have it like run through every single thing in like run through every single thing in like run through every single thing in the file. Like, for instance, what I'm the file. Like, for instance, what I'm the file. Like, for instance, what I'm going to do here is I'm just going to going to do here is I'm just going to going to do here is I'm just going to call this like call this like call this like um I don't know, xyz.md.

[20:17] um I don't know, xyz.md. um I don't know, xyz.md. Or actually, you know, why don't I just Or actually, you know, why don't I just Or actually, you know, why don't I just delete this for now. delete this for now. delete this for now. You know, if I had asked this Claude You know, if I had asked this Claude You know, if I had asked this Claude version something version something version something about dark mode, "Hey, what are my about dark mode, "Hey, what are my about dark mode, "Hey, what are my opinions on dark mode?" It's going to opinions on dark mode?" It's going to opinions on dark mode?" It's going to check its memory for notes on the check its memory for notes on the check its memory for notes on the preferences, not going to find anything. preferences, not going to find anything. preferences, not going to find anything. And notice how it's just going to say And notice how it's just going to say And notice how it's just going to say there's there's there's nothing at all. there's there's there's nothing at all. there's there's there's nothing at all. So, what I could say is read through So, what I could say is read through So, what I could say is read through whole project and find my preferences. whole project and find my preferences. whole project and find my preferences. And now what it'll do is it'll, you And now what it'll do is it'll, you And now what it'll do is it'll, you know, essentially launch some sort of a know, essentially launch some sort of a know, essentially launch some sort of a genetic search with readmes and so on genetic search with readmes and so on genetic search with readmes and so on and so forth until it finds something and so forth until it finds something and so forth until it finds something about dark mode. In this case, it was in about dark mode. In this case, it was in about dark mode. In this case, it was in the Gemini.md.

[20:47] the Gemini.md. the Gemini.md. Um but I want you guys to know that, you Um but I want you guys to know that, you Um but I want you guys to know that, you know, whether or not you have it in a know, whether or not you have it in a know, whether or not you have it in a Gemini.md or it's just sort of written, Gemini.md or it's just sort of written, Gemini.md or it's just sort of written, it'll eventually figure it out. it'll eventually figure it out. it'll eventually figure it out. Now, the issue is, you know, how what Now, the issue is, you know, how what Now, the issue is, you know, how what what sort of usage did we just uh do in what sort of usage did we just uh do in what sort of usage did we just uh do in order to get that? order to get that? order to get that? If I just scroll all the way up here, uh If I just scroll all the way up here, uh If I just scroll all the way up here, uh type {slash} contexts, you know, the type {slash} contexts, you know, the type {slash} contexts, you know, the system prompt was 0.6%. Free space was system prompt was 0.6%. Free space was system prompt was 0.6%. Free space was messages was 0.9%. So, that last message messages was 0.9%. So, that last message messages was 0.9%. So, that last message chain there with the tool calls and chain there with the tool calls and chain there with the tool calls and everything like that might have everything like that might have everything like that might have realistically taken like 5 or 6,000 realistically taken like 5 or 6,000 realistically taken like 5 or 6,000 tokens. I don't need to do that sort of tokens. I don't need to do that sort of tokens. I don't need to do that sort of thing ever again. You know, if I bring thing ever again. You know, if I bring thing ever again. You know, if I bring that back and go cloud.md and then if I

[21:17] that back and go cloud.md and then if I that back and go cloud.md and then if I just open up a new instance and I say, just open up a new instance and I say, just open up a new instance and I say, "Hey, you know, what are my opinions on "Hey, you know, what are my opinions on "Hey, you know, what are my opinions on dark mode?" dark mode?" dark mode?" Obviously, it's going to read the Obviously, it's going to read the Obviously, it's going to read the cloud.md and you know, instead of me cloud.md and you know, instead of me cloud.md and you know, instead of me having to use god knows how many tokens. having to use god knows how many tokens. having to use god knows how many tokens. If I go back to {slash} context, you If I go back to {slash} context, you If I go back to {slash} context, you know, you see that I've now you only use know, you see that I've now you only use know, you see that I've now you only use 0.2%. So, basically save myself what's 0.2%. So, basically save myself what's 0.2%. So, basically save myself what's that like 6,000? And let me tell you that like 6,000? And let me tell you that like 6,000? And let me tell you these cloud tokens ain't free, man. these cloud tokens ain't free, man. these cloud tokens ain't free, man. Anthropic's increasing the price uh Anthropic's increasing the price uh Anthropic's increasing the price uh pretty aggressively especially recently pretty aggressively especially recently pretty aggressively especially recently when they realized 99% of the world is when they realized 99% of the world is when they realized 99% of the world is now operating using their infra. So, I now operating using their infra. So, I now operating using their infra. So, I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm guess what I'm trying to say is I'm guess what I'm trying to say is I'm spending like literal like money, but spending like literal like money, but spending like literal like money, but I'm also spending time and to me the I'm also spending time and to me the I'm also spending time and to me the bigger thing is time. But, what are some

[21:47] bigger thing is time. But, what are some bigger thing is time. But, what are some other things asked? I mean, like think other things asked? I mean, like think other things asked? I mean, like think about deployment. If you have any sort about deployment. If you have any sort about deployment. If you have any sort of like front-end or full-stack of like front-end or full-stack of like front-end or full-stack experience, you'll know like, you know, experience, you'll know like, you know, experience, you'll know like, you know, usually the flow is you start with a dev usually the flow is you start with a dev usually the flow is you start with a dev server. You use that dev server via npm server. You use that dev server via npm server. You use that dev server via npm run dev or equivalent to like figure run dev or equivalent to like figure run dev or equivalent to like figure things out on your uh you know, develop things out on your uh you know, develop things out on your uh you know, develop various features and so on and so forth. various features and so on and so forth. various features and so on and so forth. Then you'll build, you'll do some sort Then you'll build, you'll do some sort Then you'll build, you'll do some sort of linting and then once you're done, of linting and then once you're done, of linting and then once you're done, you'll have to like preview it, you'll you'll have to like preview it, you'll you'll have to like preview it, you'll you'll push to production or or sorry, you'll push to production or or sorry, you'll push to production or or sorry, you'll push to staging and then verify you'll push to staging and then verify you'll push to staging and then verify that and then eventually you push to that and then eventually you push to that and then eventually you push to production, right? Like obviously, this production, right? Like obviously, this production, right? Like obviously, this is something that I could have learned is something that I could have learned is something that I could have learned just by going through the folder just by going through the folder just by going through the folder structure, seeing source, public, node structure, seeing source, public, node structure, seeing source, public, node modules, all these things. But, you

[22:18] modules, all these things. But, you modules, all these things. But, you know, I'm just listing them out over know, I'm just listing them out over know, I'm just listing them out over here so that instead of you having to here so that instead of you having to here so that instead of you having to actually read any of that filing or actually read any of that filing or actually read any of that filing or tooling, you know, you can do it in god tooling, you know, you can do it in god tooling, you know, you can do it in god knows how many what's that? Five tokens, knows how many what's that? Five tokens, knows how many what's that? Five tokens, six tokens or something immediately. six tokens or something immediately. six tokens or something immediately. Likewise, you know, I see where things Likewise, you know, I see where things Likewise, you know, I see where things are laid out. So, in this case, this is are laid out. So, in this case, this is are laid out. So, in this case, this is obviously a single page application. The obviously a single page application. The obviously a single page application. The entire app lives in a single component. entire app lives in a single component. entire app lives in a single component. Nav here or services project sections Nav here or services project sections Nav here or services project sections all markup and logic is here. all markup and logic is here. all markup and logic is here. Um it is evident if you were to actually Um it is evident if you were to actually Um it is evident if you were to actually click on app.jsx and then scroll through click on app.jsx and then scroll through click on app.jsx and then scroll through that that is the case. But, look at how that that is the case. But, look at how that that is the case. But, look at how many more tokens app.jsx is versus, you many more tokens app.jsx is versus, you many more tokens app.jsx is versus, you know, just that brief little description know, just that brief little description know, just that brief little description in uh cloud.md. If I were to copy and

[22:49] in uh cloud.md. If I were to copy and in uh cloud.md. If I were to copy and paste the entirety of this into paste the entirety of this into paste the entirety of this into something like a word counter, you could something like a word counter, you could something like a word counter, you could see it's 827 words approximately 1,100 see it's 827 words approximately 1,100 see it's 827 words approximately 1,100 tokens. Okay, if I go back to my tokens. Okay, if I go back to my tokens. Okay, if I go back to my cloud.md, like how long is how long is cloud.md, like how long is how long is cloud.md, like how long is how long is this? It's 22. So, that's a what? 45x this? It's 22. So, that's a what? 45x this? It's 22. So, that's a what? 45x compression ratio. That sort of compression ratio. That sort of compression ratio. That sort of compression is how you ultimately get a compression is how you ultimately get a compression is how you ultimately get a significantly better and more effective significantly better and more effective significantly better and more effective clot because you are not shoving a clot because you are not shoving a clot because you are not shoving a tremendous amount of tokens at the tremendous amount of tokens at the tremendous amount of tokens at the beginning of any query. beginning of any query. beginning of any query. Um and you know, as we hopefully know, Um and you know, as we hopefully know, Um and you know, as we hopefully know, uh token length tends to scale inversely uh token length tends to scale inversely uh token length tends to scale inversely with the quality of the output. The more with the quality of the output. The more with the quality of the output. The more tokens in a context window, not only the tokens in a context window, not only the tokens in a context window, not only the more money are you spending, but

[23:19] more money are you spending, but more money are you spending, but typically the lower quality of the typically the lower quality of the typically the lower quality of the results are. So, just avoid all that by results are. So, just avoid all that by results are. So, just avoid all that by initializing and then storing a bunch of initializing and then storing a bunch of initializing and then storing a bunch of information about, you know, what the information about, you know, what the information about, you know, what the project is on. Uh you'll be you'll be project is on. Uh you'll be you'll be project is on. Uh you'll be you'll be much happier for that. But, you know, much happier for that. But, you know, much happier for that. But, you know, slash init isn't the only thing that I slash init isn't the only thing that I slash init isn't the only thing that I would do. From here, I'd actually start would do. From here, I'd actually start would do. From here, I'd actually start importing a couple of my preferences and importing a couple of my preferences and importing a couple of my preferences and then things that I've tried. So, I don't then things that I've tried. So, I don't then things that I've tried. So, I don't know, let's just say I'm going to remove know, let's just say I'm going to remove know, let's just say I'm going to remove the gemini.md for simplicity. Let's just the gemini.md for simplicity. Let's just the gemini.md for simplicity. Let's just say I'm developing a new feature and um say I'm developing a new feature and um say I'm developing a new feature and um actually, why don't we just visualize actually, why don't we just visualize actually, why don't we just visualize app? I don't know okay, what it looks app? I don't know okay, what it looks app? I don't know okay, what it looks like. Let me actually take a look at like. Let me actually take a look at like. Let me actually take a look at this thing. So, it'll run the dev server this thing. So, it'll run the dev server this thing. So, it'll run the dev server so I can see in the browser. And so I can see in the browser. And so I can see in the browser. And immediately I'm thinking like, "Hey, you immediately I'm thinking like, "Hey, you immediately I'm thinking like, "Hey, you know, this is actually kind of know, this is actually kind of know, this is actually kind of inefficient." When I say visualize app,

[23:50] inefficient." When I say visualize app, inefficient." When I say visualize app, I basically just want you to launch it. I basically just want you to launch it. I basically just want you to launch it. So, store in your cloud.md that when I So, store in your cloud.md that when I So, store in your cloud.md that when I ask you to run the dev server or open ask you to run the dev server or open ask you to run the dev server or open the app, I just want you to open it in the app, I just want you to open it in the app, I just want you to open it in my Chrome instance as well. I don't just my Chrome instance as well. I don't just my Chrome instance as well. I don't just want you to run the dev server. You want you to run the dev server. You want you to run the dev server. You know, basically, next time I say this, I know, basically, next time I say this, I know, basically, next time I say this, I don't want it just to like say, "Hey, don't want it just to like say, "Hey, don't want it just to like say, "Hey, the dev server's here, give it a click." the dev server's here, give it a click." the dev server's here, give it a click." And then I'm like, "Okay, can you just And then I'm like, "Okay, can you just And then I'm like, "Okay, can you just open it cuz I'm already here?" Um I just open it cuz I'm already here?" Um I just open it cuz I'm already here?" Um I just want it to open it automatically, right? want it to open it automatically, right? want it to open it automatically, right? Okay, cool. And I see, you know, it's Okay, cool. And I see, you know, it's Okay, cool. And I see, you know, it's kind of over here. Um so, that's nice. kind of over here. Um so, that's nice. kind of over here. Um so, that's nice. Definitely not a fan of the design. I Definitely not a fan of the design. I Definitely not a fan of the design. I don't like how it scrolls through. I'll don't like how it scrolls through. I'll don't like how it scrolls through. I'll just say, "Hey, I want you to just say, "Hey, I want you to just say, "Hey, I want you to significantly improve the perceived significantly improve the perceived significantly improve the perceived visual quality of the application. Go visual quality of the application. Go visual quality of the application. Go and look up uh you know, the Apple and look up uh you know, the Apple and look up uh you know, the Apple website and then compare that to our

[24:20] website and then compare that to our website and then compare that to our website. Make some changes that just website. Make some changes that just website. Make some changes that just improves both the perceived visual improves both the perceived visual improves both the perceived visual cohesiveness, quality, etc." Must have cohesiveness, quality, etc." Must have cohesiveness, quality, etc." Must have been a Gemini website. Anyway, let's uh been a Gemini website. Anyway, let's uh been a Gemini website. Anyway, let's uh see what it does here. It's fetching see what it does here. It's fetching see what it does here. It's fetching Apple site for design reference, reading Apple site for design reference, reading Apple site for design reference, reading the current app code in parallel. And the current app code in parallel. And the current app code in parallel. And now it's just doing a bunch of updates, now it's just doing a bunch of updates, now it's just doing a bunch of updates, editing the CSS, nav-link, editing the CSS, nav-link, editing the CSS, nav-link, hero-background, and so on and so forth. hero-background, and so on and so forth. hero-background, and so on and so forth. And you can see that it is actually And you can see that it is actually And you can see that it is actually updating the site. I mean, it's doing it updating the site. I mean, it's doing it updating the site. I mean, it's doing it currently in real time, but uh it's currently in real time, but uh it's currently in real time, but uh it's looking significantly better. It's also looking significantly better. It's also looking significantly better. It's also picked up some new colors and so on and picked up some new colors and so on and picked up some new colors and so on and so forth. Now, what's cool is it so forth. Now, what's cool is it so forth. Now, what's cool is it actually just opened up a second uh actually just opened up a second uh actually just opened up a second uh project for me right over here um project for me right over here um project for me right over here um because earlier on I stored my

[24:51] because earlier on I stored my because earlier on I stored my preferences that I don't want it to just preferences that I don't want it to just preferences that I don't want it to just give me the link. I actually want it to, give me the link. I actually want it to, give me the link. I actually want it to, you know, open open stuff up. So, that's you know, open open stuff up. So, that's you know, open open stuff up. So, that's nice. Obviously, we have better nice. Obviously, we have better nice. Obviously, we have better designing and stuff like that. But, the designing and stuff like that. But, the designing and stuff like that. But, the key part here is when I say, "Okay, key part here is when I say, "Okay, key part here is when I say, "Okay, great. Nice job. How could you have great. Nice job. How could you have great. Nice job. How could you have arrived at these conclusions and done arrived at these conclusions and done arrived at these conclusions and done everything that I just asked you to do everything that I just asked you to do everything that I just asked you to do faster?" Okay, and now look, we're faster?" Okay, and now look, we're faster?" Okay, and now look, we're already at the point where we're capable already at the point where we're capable already at the point where we're capable of optimizing a fair amount of these of optimizing a fair amount of these of optimizing a fair amount of these design issues. Instead of 20 edit calls, design issues. Instead of 20 edit calls, design issues. Instead of 20 edit calls, which is what I did before, what I could which is what I did before, what I could which is what I did before, what I could have done is just do one right call. So, have done is just do one right call. So, have done is just do one right call. So, the reason why that took like 30 seconds the reason why that took like 30 seconds the reason why that took like 30 seconds or so because it was editing the CSS or so because it was editing the CSS or so because it was editing the CSS file line by line across 20 sequential file line by line across 20 sequential file line by line across 20 sequential tool calls. I should have read the file, tool calls. I should have read the file, tool calls. I should have read the file, rewritten the whole thing in my head,

[25:21] rewritten the whole thing in my head, rewritten the whole thing in my head, done a single right to replace index.css done a single right to replace index.css done a single right to replace index.css in one shot. in one shot. in one shot. Yes, I'd like you to save this in the Yes, I'd like you to save this in the Yes, I'd like you to save this in the cloud.md. Do it as a user preference cloud.md. Do it as a user preference cloud.md. Do it as a user preference section. So, asking it questions like, section. So, asking it questions like, section. So, asking it questions like, "How could you have arrived at those "How could you have arrived at those "How could you have arrived at those conclusions and done everything I just conclusions and done everything I just conclusions and done everything I just asked you to do faster and for fewer asked you to do faster and for fewer asked you to do faster and for fewer tokens?" is pretty powerful. Doing this tokens?" is pretty powerful. Doing this tokens?" is pretty powerful. Doing this consistently as you develop and design a consistently as you develop and design a consistently as you develop and design a project and then having a running log of project and then having a running log of project and then having a running log of changes to the cloud.md is also quite changes to the cloud.md is also quite changes to the cloud.md is also quite valuable. valuable. valuable. Another thing you can do is you could Another thing you can do is you could Another thing you can do is you could set a meta prompt in the cloud.md and set a meta prompt in the cloud.md and set a meta prompt in the cloud.md and that's personally what I always do. That that's personally what I always do. That that's personally what I always do. That basically says like, "When you have made basically says like, "When you have made basically says like, "When you have made a mistake, I want you to update the a mistake, I want you to update the a mistake, I want you to update the cloud.md with a running log of things

[25:51] cloud.md with a running log of things cloud.md with a running log of things not to do next time. not to do next time. not to do next time. When you've made a mistake, I want you When you've made a mistake, I want you When you've made a mistake, I want you to update the cloud.md with a running to update the cloud.md with a running to update the cloud.md with a running log of things not to try next time." log of things not to try next time." log of things not to try next time." Essentially, I want this to be almost Essentially, I want this to be almost Essentially, I want this to be almost like a mini experimenter's or research like a mini experimenter's or research like a mini experimenter's or research person's notes that shows what a future person's notes that shows what a future person's notes that shows what a future cloud instance should not do while cloud instance should not do while cloud instance should not do while working on this project. Update the working on this project. Update the working on this project. Update the cloud.md to reflect what I just said at cloud.md to reflect what I just said at cloud.md to reflect what I just said at the very bottom. Okay, now it has a the very bottom. Okay, now it has a the very bottom. Okay, now it has a section called lab notes what not to do. section called lab notes what not to do. section called lab notes what not to do. This is going to show a bunch of This is going to show a bunch of This is going to show a bunch of failures as well as learnings and failures as well as learnings and failures as well as learnings and successes and so on and so forth. And successes and so on and so forth. And successes and so on and so forth. And we're already honestly like halfway down

[26:21] we're already honestly like halfway down we're already honestly like halfway down the loop. Now, this is a very contrived the loop. Now, this is a very contrived the loop. Now, this is a very contrived example because I'm literally just example because I'm literally just example because I'm literally just building a website. But, imagine that, building a website. But, imagine that, building a website. But, imagine that, you know, instead of just a website, you know, instead of just a website, you know, instead of just a website, you're building a workspace that is you're building a workspace that is you're building a workspace that is meant to contain all of your business meant to contain all of your business meant to contain all of your business basically entirely. All of your SOPs basically entirely. All of your SOPs basically entirely. All of your SOPs it's meant to contain all of the work it's meant to contain all of the work it's meant to contain all of the work that you do on a daily basis. It's meant that you do on a daily basis. It's meant that you do on a daily basis. It's meant to contain your to-dos and so on and so to contain your to-dos and so on and so to contain your to-dos and so on and so forth. Having information like what I forth. Having information like what I forth. Having information like what I just showed you for this project would just showed you for this project would just showed you for this project would be invaluable across more or less all be invaluable across more or less all be invaluable across more or less all levels of both development and then also levels of both development and then also levels of both development and then also productivity. And that's personally what productivity. And that's personally what productivity. And that's personally what you should ultimately be working you should ultimately be working you should ultimately be working towards. towards. towards. So, anyway, we can make this as So, anyway, we can make this as So, anyway, we can make this as complicated as we want, obviously, but complicated as we want, obviously, but complicated as we want, obviously, but hopefully you guys see that loop at

[26:51] hopefully you guys see that loop at hopefully you guys see that loop at work. We plan a feature, so we just did work. We plan a feature, so we just did work. We plan a feature, so we just did this. It was simple enough that we this. It was simple enough that we this. It was simple enough that we didn't need to use a dedicated plan didn't need to use a dedicated plan didn't need to use a dedicated plan mode, but obviously I still one-shotted mode, but obviously I still one-shotted mode, but obviously I still one-shotted it. After it implemented the feature, it. After it implemented the feature, it. After it implemented the feature, along the way it did a few things that along the way it did a few things that along the way it did a few things that realistically could have done better. realistically could have done better. realistically could have done better. So, what do we do after? We take those So, what do we do after? We take those So, what do we do after? We take those learnings, we compile them, and then we learnings, we compile them, and then we learnings, we compile them, and then we update the Claude and MD. And this is update the Claude and MD. And this is update the Claude and MD. And this is sort of a meta example since I literally sort of a meta example since I literally sort of a meta example since I literally was doing it while I was building the was doing it while I was building the was doing it while I was building the Claude and MD, but hopefully you guys at Claude and MD, but hopefully you guys at Claude and MD, but hopefully you guys at least understand conceptually I'm sort least understand conceptually I'm sort least understand conceptually I'm sort of what you do. After four or five of of what you do. After four or five of of what you do. After four or five of these runs, there's probably a fair these runs, there's probably a fair these runs, there's probably a fair amount of stuff here that you can take amount of stuff here that you can take amount of stuff here that you can take advantage of. And that's where an

[27:21] advantage of. And that's where an advantage of. And that's where an insight run would make sense. So, let me insight run would make sense. So, let me insight run would make sense. So, let me actually zoom in and then just delete actually zoom in and then just delete actually zoom in and then just delete this so you guys could see. this so you guys could see. this so you guys could see. In case you didn't know, insights is a In case you didn't know, insights is a In case you didn't know, insights is a simple slash command that basically runs simple slash command that basically runs simple slash command that basically runs a bunch of sub agents across all of your a bunch of sub agents across all of your a bunch of sub agents across all of your Claude conversation history. The benefit Claude conversation history. The benefit Claude conversation history. The benefit to that is now not only are we running, to that is now not only are we running, to that is now not only are we running, you know, and and changing our local you know, and and changing our local you know, and and changing our local Claude and MD, Claude and MD, Claude and MD, we're also evaluating all of like the we're also evaluating all of like the we're also evaluating all of like the patterns in communication that we've had patterns in communication that we've had patterns in communication that we've had with Claude and MD over the course of with Claude and MD over the course of with Claude and MD over the course of the last, I don't know, could have been the last, I don't know, could have been the last, I don't know, could have been like few days, could have been months, like few days, could have been months, like few days, could have been months, could have been, I mean, years depending could have been, I mean, years depending could have been, I mean, years depending on how soon or late rather you are on how soon or late rather you are on how soon or late rather you are watching this video. So, um just like we watching this video. So, um just like we watching this video. So, um just like we optimized our local Claude and MD, now

[27:52] optimized our local Claude and MD, now optimized our local Claude and MD, now we can start optimizing our global. And we can start optimizing our global. And we can start optimizing our global. And while it's chewing away because insights while it's chewing away because insights while it's chewing away because insights does take a fair amount of time, okay, does take a fair amount of time, okay, does take a fair amount of time, okay, I'm just going to create a new file I'm just going to create a new file I'm just going to create a new file here. here. here. I'm going to call it global Claude.md. I'm going to call it global Claude.md. I'm going to call it global Claude.md. I'm just going to give you what I would I'm just going to give you what I would I'm just going to give you what I would consider to be, at least as of the time consider to be, at least as of the time consider to be, at least as of the time of this recording, probably like some of of this recording, probably like some of of this recording, probably like some of the higher ROI principles to make sure the higher ROI principles to make sure the higher ROI principles to make sure to include. Um I include this in my own to include. Um I include this in my own to include. Um I include this in my own global Claude and MD because I think global Claude and MD because I think global Claude and MD because I think it's just very very valuable. So, I'll it's just very very valuable. So, I'll it's just very very valuable. So, I'll say global Claude.md. say global Claude.md. say global Claude.md. This is inserted at the beginning of any This is inserted at the beginning of any This is inserted at the beginning of any conversation with Claude across all of conversation with Claude across all of conversation with Claude across all of the user's workspaces. So, first I'd the user's workspaces. So, first I'd the user's workspaces. So, first I'd have a profile section, so this is a bit

[28:24] have a profile section, so this is a bit have a profile section, so this is a bit about Nick. about Nick. about Nick. So, you know, I don't know, it'd be like So, you know, I don't know, it'd be like So, you know, I don't know, it'd be like Nick is a 30-year-old Nick is a 30-year-old Nick is a 30-year-old and J and J and J high-performing high-performing high-performing internet entre internet entre internet entre preneur. preneur. preneur. He runs a YouTube channel at 350 He runs a YouTube channel at 350 He runs a YouTube channel at 350 subscribers or 350 by the time I make subscribers or 350 by the time I make subscribers or 350 by the time I make this uh publish this video. 350,000 this uh publish this video. 350,000 this uh publish this video. 350,000 subs, an Instagram channel, subs, an Instagram channel, subs, an Instagram channel, and so on and so on and so forth. and so on and so on and so forth. and so on and so on and so forth. Okay, and so I have a bunch more Okay, and so I have a bunch more Okay, and so I have a bunch more information which I've taken from just a information which I've taken from just a information which I've taken from just a couple of other systems I built. Um this

[28:56] couple of other systems I built. Um this couple of other systems I built. Um this one here is Nick is a 30-year-old and one here is Nick is a 30-year-old and one here is Nick is a 30-year-old and Jay, here's his revenue. So, here are Jay, here's his revenue. So, here are Jay, here's his revenue. So, here are all the different things that contribute all the different things that contribute all the different things that contribute to my revenue. Here's some churn math, to my revenue. Here's some churn math, to my revenue. Here's some churn math, um some of the companies that I'm um some of the companies that I'm um some of the companies that I'm currently owning, uh some teams, right? currently owning, uh some teams, right? currently owning, uh some teams, right? So, it's me, it's an editor, it's a So, it's me, it's an editor, it's a So, it's me, it's an editor, it's a LinkedIn newsletter person, it's a bunch LinkedIn newsletter person, it's a bunch LinkedIn newsletter person, it's a bunch of AI agents, bunch of information on of AI agents, bunch of information on of AI agents, bunch of information on YouTube as well as my goals, and then YouTube as well as my goals, and then YouTube as well as my goals, and then ultimately I'm on Instagram as well. And ultimately I'm on Instagram as well. And ultimately I'm on Instagram as well. And you're thinking like, Nick, this is you're thinking like, Nick, this is you're thinking like, Nick, this is crazy. Why would you insert all this crazy. Why would you insert all this crazy. Why would you insert all this information in your global Claude and information in your global Claude and information in your global Claude and MD? Well, the reason why is because I MD? Well, the reason why is because I MD? Well, the reason why is because I want this on every conversation that I want this on every conversation that I want this on every conversation that I have with it to understand who I am and have with it to understand who I am and have with it to understand who I am and to take that into consideration when

[29:26] to take that into consideration when to take that into consideration when discussing things with me. I can't say discussing things with me. I can't say discussing things with me. I can't say how many times I'm having a conversation how many times I'm having a conversation how many times I'm having a conversation with Claude and because I don't have with Claude and because I don't have with Claude and because I don't have context like this cuz I'm in a naive context like this cuz I'm in a naive context like this cuz I'm in a naive thing with no personal system prompt thing with no personal system prompt thing with no personal system prompt injecting the context when I know I say injecting the context when I know I say injecting the context when I know I say something along the lines of, "Hey, something along the lines of, "Hey, something along the lines of, "Hey, what's the best solution for X, Y, and what's the best solution for X, Y, and what's the best solution for X, Y, and Z?" And then it says, "Oh, you're going Z?" And then it says, "Oh, you're going Z?" And then it says, "Oh, you're going to want to do this solution." And then I to want to do this solution." And then I to want to do this solution." And then I say, "Why?" And then it'll say, "Oh, say, "Why?" And then it'll say, "Oh, say, "Why?" And then it'll say, "Oh, because it's the cheapest." Right? It because it's the cheapest." Right? It because it's the cheapest." Right? It only costs 0.2 cents, whereas the all only costs 0.2 cents, whereas the all only costs 0.2 cents, whereas the all other solutions cost $5. And I'm other solutions cost $5. And I'm other solutions cost $5. And I'm thinking, "Well, if you knew a little thinking, "Well, if you knew a little thinking, "Well, if you knew a little bit about who I am, you'll know that bit about who I am, you'll know that bit about who I am, you'll know that money is not the primary bottleneck money is not the primary bottleneck money is not the primary bottleneck right now. I prefer you to exchange my right now. I prefer you to exchange my right now. I prefer you to exchange my my money for my time."

[29:56] my money for my time." my money for my time." Um so, just giving it some like Um so, just giving it some like Um so, just giving it some like high-level principles like that is is high-level principles like that is is high-level principles like that is is very important. Anyway, while I was very important. Anyway, while I was very important. Anyway, while I was doing that, um the actual Sherpa AI doing that, um the actual Sherpa AI doing that, um the actual Sherpa AI Insights report um is ready. So, I'm Insights report um is ready. So, I'm Insights report um is ready. So, I'm just going to tell it to open it so I just going to tell it to open it so I just going to tell it to open it so I can take a look at it with you guys. can take a look at it with you guys. can take a look at it with you guys. And now you'll see there's an HTML page And now you'll see there's an HTML page And now you'll see there's an HTML page basically that runs through everything basically that runs through everything basically that runs through everything about Claude, all of the insights across about Claude, all of the insights across about Claude, all of the insights across all of the sessions. Looks like 1,000 AI all of the sessions. Looks like 1,000 AI all of the sessions. Looks like 1,000 AI or 49 messages across 200 sessions. I or 49 messages across 200 sessions. I or 49 messages across 200 sessions. I don't know where this chooses the cut don't know where this chooses the cut don't know where this chooses the cut off. It looks like it's like about a off. It looks like it's like about a off. It looks like it's like about a month or so. month or so. month or so. Um although keep in mind that like this Um although keep in mind that like this Um although keep in mind that like this is Claude code specific and I don't know is Claude code specific and I don't know is Claude code specific and I don't know if this encapsulates all the

[30:26] if this encapsulates all the if this encapsulates all the conversations I've had with it on the conversations I've had with it on the conversations I've had with it on the desktop app, but pretty good. And you desktop app, but pretty good. And you desktop app, but pretty good. And you can see here that, you know, there's a can see here that, you know, there's a can see here that, you know, there's a bunch of context about what I work on bunch of context about what I work on bunch of context about what I work on and and so on and so on and so forth and and and so on and so on and so forth and and and so on and so on and so forth and how I use it and all this stuff. how I use it and all this stuff. how I use it and all this stuff. So, the the important thing to do is So, the the important thing to do is So, the the important thing to do is existing features to try section. You existing features to try section. You existing features to try section. You can just copy this in the Claude code can just copy this in the Claude code can just copy this in the Claude code and add it in Claude in MD. So, for and add it in Claude in MD. So, for and add it in Claude in MD. So, for instance, when using Chrome DevTools MCP instance, when using Chrome DevTools MCP instance, when using Chrome DevTools MCP or browser automation, always kill stale or browser automation, always kill stale or browser automation, always kill stale Chrome processes in a clean profile Chrome processes in a clean profile Chrome processes in a clean profile before starting. If the MCP tools fail before starting. If the MCP tools fail before starting. If the MCP tools fail twice, stop and ask the user for twice, stop and ask the user for twice, stop and ask the user for continuing to retry. Never waste tokens continuing to retry. Never waste tokens continuing to retry. Never waste tokens on repeated failing browser calls. This on repeated failing browser calls. This on repeated failing browser calls. This is actually quite valuable just given

[30:56] is actually quite valuable just given is actually quite valuable just given how many times I have tried to have it how many times I have tried to have it how many times I have tried to have it run, you know, Chrome DevTools MCP and run, you know, Chrome DevTools MCP and run, you know, Chrome DevTools MCP and it's failed. it's failed. it's failed. Um, same thing over here. Um, same thing over here. Um, same thing over here. Same thing over here, you know, with Same thing over here, you know, with Same thing over here, you know, with some face swap information and stuff some face swap information and stuff some face swap information and stuff like that. You can copy all this in the like that. You can copy all this in the like that. You can copy all this in the Claude and it will set it all up for Claude and it will set it all up for Claude and it will set it all up for you, which is pretty valuable. As well you, which is pretty valuable. As well you, which is pretty valuable. As well as it it can even go and build like new as it it can even go and build like new as it it can even go and build like new skills based off of things that you skills based off of things that you skills based off of things that you consistently ask. So, that's that's more consistently ask. So, that's that's more consistently ask. So, that's that's more also what I'm doing here. also what I'm doing here. also what I'm doing here. Um, anyway, the the value with this is Um, anyway, the the value with this is Um, anyway, the the value with this is basically to like copy the entire thing, basically to like copy the entire thing, basically to like copy the entire thing, go back here, paste it in. go back here, paste it in. go back here, paste it in. Can say, "This is my Claude insights Can say, "This is my Claude insights Can say, "This is my Claude insights file. It describes at a high level a few

[31:27] file. It describes at a high level a few file. It describes at a high level a few of the obvious design patterns in my of the obvious design patterns in my of the obvious design patterns in my thinking, and then a couple of the thinking, and then a couple of the thinking, and then a couple of the issues that I've had communicating with issues that I've had communicating with issues that I've had communicating with you and other versions of you. I'd like you and other versions of you. I'd like you and other versions of you. I'd like you to distill this into a list of high you to distill this into a list of high you to distill this into a list of high information density snippets that I can information density snippets that I can information density snippets that I can paste into a global Claude.md to be both paste into a global Claude.md to be both paste into a global Claude.md to be both token conservative, but also avoid most token conservative, but also avoid most token conservative, but also avoid most of the mistakes that you typically of the mistakes that you typically of the mistakes that you typically make." And I'll just press enter. It's make." And I'll just press enter. It's make." And I'll just press enter. It's going to give me some information about going to give me some information about going to give me some information about that. And over here, we actually have that. And over here, we actually have that. And over here, we actually have the changes. And this is very high the changes. And this is very high the changes. And this is very high information density, right? It basically information density, right? It basically information density, right? It basically took a bunch and said, "Don't took a bunch and said, "Don't took a bunch and said, "Don't overexplain, overengineer, add un- overexplain, overengineer, add un- overexplain, overengineer, add un- requested improvements. When making requested improvements. When making requested improvements. When making widespread changes to a file, use one widespread changes to a file, use one widespread changes to a file, use one write instead of many sequential edit

[31:57] write instead of many sequential edit write instead of many sequential edit calls. Speed matters. Don't fetch calls. Speed matters. Don't fetch calls. Speed matters. Don't fetch well-known websites." Again, a rerun well-known websites." Again, a rerun well-known websites." Again, a rerun browser automation and, you know, so on browser automation and, you know, so on browser automation and, you know, so on and so forth. Just Just some high-level and so forth. Just Just some high-level and so forth. Just Just some high-level stuff. stuff. stuff. It looks like it just inserted that in It looks like it just inserted that in It looks like it just inserted that in here, which is quite nice. So, now, what here, which is quite nice. So, now, what here, which is quite nice. So, now, what do we have? We have, if you remember, do we have? We have, if you remember, do we have? We have, if you remember, some context on me in the global some context on me in the global some context on me in the global Claude.md. We also have some high-level Claude.md. We also have some high-level Claude.md. We also have some high-level reasoning rules and principles. And reasoning rules and principles. And reasoning rules and principles. And really, what we're just missing is some really, what we're just missing is some really, what we're just missing is some um token conservation strategies. And um token conservation strategies. And um token conservation strategies. And you could see this by uh you know, you you could see this by uh you know, you you could see this by uh you know, you can go back can go back can go back uh rewind the video if you'd like some uh rewind the video if you'd like some uh rewind the video if you'd like some more on that. But, basically, you want

[32:27] more on that. But, basically, you want more on that. But, basically, you want context about you, your goals, and your context about you, your goals, and your context about you, your goals, and your reasoning strategies, some high-level reasoning strategies, some high-level reasoning strategies, some high-level preferences about, you know, what it is preferences about, you know, what it is preferences about, you know, what it is that uh it is currently doing that is that uh it is currently doing that is that uh it is currently doing that is wrong that you would like it to fix, and wrong that you would like it to fix, and wrong that you would like it to fix, and then some good token conservation then some good token conservation then some good token conservation strategies like not docs first. So, what strategies like not docs first. So, what strategies like not docs first. So, what I'm going to do is underneath I'm going to do is underneath I'm going to do is underneath interaction rules, I'll also just say interaction rules, I'll also just say interaction rules, I'll also just say oh, and what's really interesting I'm oh, and what's really interesting I'm oh, and what's really interesting I'm seeing one of my rules are actually seeing one of my rules are actually seeing one of my rules are actually directly contradicting some of the other directly contradicting some of the other directly contradicting some of the other rules. Don't fetch well-known sites. rules. Don't fetch well-known sites. rules. Don't fetch well-known sites. I'll actually just remove that. I'll actually just remove that. I'll actually just remove that. Um that's the human in the loop part, Um that's the human in the loop part, Um that's the human in the loop part, right? Just look to see if any two rules right? Just look to see if any two rules right? Just look to see if any two rules directly contradict each other. Then directly contradict each other. Then directly contradict each other. Then I'll say I'll say I'll say when a user asks you to use a

[32:57] when a user asks you to use a when a user asks you to use a non-trivial platform, non-trivial platform, non-trivial platform, one for which you do not have contacts one for which you do not have contacts one for which you do not have contacts in, always look up the documentation in, always look up the documentation in, always look up the documentation first. You can do so by looking into API first. You can do so by looking into API first. You can do so by looking into API documentation plus platform name. documentation plus platform name. documentation plus platform name. After, if for whatever reason you can't After, if for whatever reason you can't After, if for whatever reason you can't access the docs for JavaScript reasons, access the docs for JavaScript reasons, access the docs for JavaScript reasons, launch a Chrome DevTools MCP Chrome launch a Chrome DevTools MCP Chrome launch a Chrome DevTools MCP Chrome instance so that you could still copy instance so that you could still copy instance so that you could still copy and paste all that data. No matter what, and paste all that data. No matter what, and paste all that data. No matter what, if you're working on a project for whom if you're working on a project for whom if you're working on a project for whom API documentation is available, you API documentation is available, you API documentation is available, you should always go through the API should always go through the API should always go through the API documentation to avoid 99% of the documentation to avoid 99% of the documentation to avoid 99% of the errors. The tokens we spend reading the errors. The tokens we spend reading the errors. The tokens we spend reading the docs will save us a lot of tokens in

[33:28] docs will save us a lot of tokens in docs will save us a lot of tokens in trying to use things that don't work. trying to use things that don't work. trying to use things that don't work. Cool. So, I'm going to copy that. Cool. So, I'm going to copy that. Cool. So, I'm going to copy that. And now I have my global Claude in MD. And now I have my global Claude in MD. And now I have my global Claude in MD. And you know, I could always just have And you know, I could always just have And you know, I could always just have Claude actually insert that into the Claude actually insert that into the Claude actually insert that into the global Claude in MD. Um I could also global Claude in MD. Um I could also global Claude in MD. Um I could also just like go and find the find the just like go and find the find the just like go and find the find the finder. So, I'm going to go to finder on finder. So, I'm going to go to finder on finder. So, I'm going to go to finder on Mac. Basically, you can find your global Mac. Basically, you can find your global Mac. Basically, you can find your global Claude in MD just by going to your Mac, Claude in MD just by going to your Mac, Claude in MD just by going to your Mac, in my case users, I'm on next to arrive. in my case users, I'm on next to arrive. in my case users, I'm on next to arrive. And then um there's a hidden folder here And then um there's a hidden folder here And then um there's a hidden folder here which you can't actually see just right which you can't actually see just right which you can't actually see just right out of the gate. You should be able to out of the gate. You should be able to out of the gate. You should be able to go uh shift command I think it's comma go uh shift command I think it's comma go uh shift command I think it's comma or period. There you go. Uh shift or period. There you go. Uh shift or period. There you go. Uh shift command period. Once you're done with

[33:59] command period. Once you're done with command period. Once you're done with that, you can scroll all the way down to that, you can scroll all the way down to that, you can scroll all the way down to where it says Claude. And then over where it says Claude. And then over where it says Claude. And then over here, um you'll see that there is a here, um you'll see that there is a here, um you'll see that there is a Claude in MD that lives within that Claude in MD that lives within that Claude in MD that lives within that Claude. So, what I can do now is I can Claude. So, what I can do now is I can Claude. So, what I can do now is I can just reveal this folder in my finder, just reveal this folder in my finder, just reveal this folder in my finder, compare it to that folder in my finder, compare it to that folder in my finder, compare it to that folder in my finder, and I can actually just go drag and drop and I can actually just go drag and drop and I can actually just go drag and drop this in. this in. this in. Now I have global Claude, and I can just Now I have global Claude, and I can just Now I have global Claude, and I can just remove this Claude. remove this Claude. remove this Claude. And replace that with this Claude. And replace that with this Claude. And replace that with this Claude. Awesome. So, now all future Awesome. So, now all future Awesome. So, now all future conversations that I have with Claude conversations that I have with Claude conversations that I have with Claude across all of my uh workspaces and all across all of my uh workspaces and all across all of my uh workspaces and all of my folders will include the of my folders will include the of my folders will include the information that I just provided. And information that I just provided. And information that I just provided. And hopefully you guys see how simple it is hopefully you guys see how simple it is hopefully you guys see how simple it is to run that loop. Um granted, this is an

[34:29] to run that loop. Um granted, this is an to run that loop. Um granted, this is an informal loop. I'm not really showing informal loop. I'm not really showing informal loop. I'm not really showing you guys like a simple formal streamline you guys like a simple formal streamline you guys like a simple formal streamline process, but hopefully you see how easy process, but hopefully you see how easy process, but hopefully you see how easy it would be to build that in again as it would be to build that in again as it would be to build that in again as like a meta Claude. like a meta Claude. like a meta Claude. Let's talk a little bit about agent Let's talk a little bit about agent Let's talk a little bit about agent harnesses. So, agent harnesses, the term harnesses. So, agent harnesses, the term harnesses. So, agent harnesses, the term anyways, gotten a ton of interest over anyways, gotten a ton of interest over anyways, gotten a ton of interest over the last couple of months because it's the last couple of months because it's the last couple of months because it's sort of new and exciting, but very few sort of new and exciting, but very few sort of new and exciting, but very few people actually understand what it people actually understand what it people actually understand what it refers to and what it means. refers to and what it means. refers to and what it means. An agent harness, to be clear, is just An agent harness, to be clear, is just An agent harness, to be clear, is just Claude code. Claude code is the harness Claude code. Claude code is the harness Claude code. Claude code is the harness around the model Claude that enables it

[35:00] around the model Claude that enables it around the model Claude that enables it to do things like call various tools and to do things like call various tools and to do things like call various tools and get actual economically valuable work get actual economically valuable work get actual economically valuable work done. done. done. For those of you that don't know, um all For those of you that don't know, um all For those of you that don't know, um all that like AI models are are just text that like AI models are are just text that like AI models are are just text interfaces, right? It's just text in interfaces, right? It's just text in interfaces, right? It's just text in text out. A harness is what turns text out. A harness is what turns text out. A harness is what turns something that can only communicate in something that can only communicate in something that can only communicate in text into something that is ultimately text into something that is ultimately text into something that is ultimately capable of like controlling our capable of like controlling our capable of like controlling our computer. computer. computer. So, the way that I personally think So, the way that I personally think So, the way that I personally think about the question, "What is a harness?" about the question, "What is a harness?" about the question, "What is a harness?" is a harness is just everything that is a harness is just everything that is a harness is just everything that wraps around the LLM that is not the wraps around the LLM that is not the wraps around the LLM that is not the actual LLM itself.

[35:31] actual LLM itself. actual LLM itself. So, in our case, it's Claude code. It's So, in our case, it's Claude code. It's So, in our case, it's Claude code. It's the system prompt. It's the hooks. It's the system prompt. It's the hooks. It's the system prompt. It's the hooks. It's the tools that it has access to, and the tools that it has access to, and the tools that it has access to, and it's the parameters therein that control it's the parameters therein that control it's the parameters therein that control things like when the memory auto things like when the memory auto things like when the memory auto compacts, how many messages you can send compacts, how many messages you can send compacts, how many messages you can send in a turn, what the total number of in a turn, what the total number of in a turn, what the total number of token limits are, and so on and so token limits are, and so on and so token limits are, and so on and so forth. For the purposes of this demo, forth. For the purposes of this demo, forth. For the purposes of this demo, let's pretend that this over here is our let's pretend that this over here is our let's pretend that this over here is our Claude Space Invader, okay? And so, this Claude Space Invader, okay? And so, this Claude Space Invader, okay? And so, this is sort of like the the the large is sort of like the the the large is sort of like the the the large language model itself. This is actual language model itself. This is actual language model itself. This is actual Claude.

[36:01] Claude. Claude. And so, Claude is obviously like a And so, Claude is obviously like a And so, Claude is obviously like a galaxy brain intelligence. It's been galaxy brain intelligence. It's been galaxy brain intelligence. It's been trained on god knows how many books and trained on god knows how many books and trained on god knows how many books and blog posts and encyclopedias and so on blog posts and encyclopedias and so on blog posts and encyclopedias and so on and so forth. But, you know, Claude is and so forth. But, you know, Claude is and so forth. But, you know, Claude is sort of it sort of exists in this sort of it sort of exists in this sort of it sort of exists in this boundary where it can't actually do boundary where it can't actually do boundary where it can't actually do anything outside the real world unless anything outside the real world unless anything outside the real world unless it's given the tools and the ability to it's given the tools and the ability to it's given the tools and the ability to do so. do so. do so. And so, um one example of things that And so, um one example of things that And so, um one example of things that Claude has access to are said tools. So, Claude has access to are said tools. So, Claude has access to are said tools. So, that's things like uh I don't know, the that's things like uh I don't know, the that's things like uh I don't know, the ability to use bash, okay, use a ability to use bash, okay, use a ability to use bash, okay, use a terminal, the ability to use I don't

[36:32] terminal, the ability to use I don't terminal, the ability to use I don't know, grep, which is how it finds things know, grep, which is how it finds things know, grep, which is how it finds things around your computer, and so on, and so around your computer, and so on, and so around your computer, and so on, and so on, and so forth. on, and so forth. on, and so forth. Another thing that it has access to, Another thing that it has access to, Another thing that it has access to, kind of going back and forth, is some kind of going back and forth, is some kind of going back and forth, is some form of memory ink, right? What it can form of memory ink, right? What it can form of memory ink, right? What it can do is it can read, so it can read things do is it can read, so it can read things do is it can read, so it can read things that are stored in this memory, and then that are stored in this memory, and then that are stored in this memory, and then it can also write, so it can add, sort it can also write, so it can add, sort it can also write, so it can add, sort of update things as needed. of update things as needed. of update things as needed. You know, there's obviously also a You know, there's obviously also a You know, there's obviously also a variety of other things here that it has variety of other things here that it has variety of other things here that it has access to. And you know, if it didn't access to. And you know, if it didn't access to. And you know, if it didn't have access to all these things, again, have access to all these things, again, have access to all these things, again, it would just be like an agent or a it would just be like an agent or a it would just be like an agent or a model, sorry, that exists in the box. model, sorry, that exists in the box. model, sorry, that exists in the box. And so, that's really the difference

[37:02] And so, that's really the difference And so, that's really the difference between, you know, LLMs and agents. between, you know, LLMs and agents. between, you know, LLMs and agents. Agents are LLMs plus a harness, whereas Agents are LLMs plus a harness, whereas Agents are LLMs plus a harness, whereas LLMs by themselves, large language LLMs by themselves, large language LLMs by themselves, large language models, they can't really do anything. models, they can't really do anything. models, they can't really do anything. They obviously um They obviously um They obviously um operate entirely in the domain of operate entirely in the domain of operate entirely in the domain of knowledge. So, just given the fact that knowledge. So, just given the fact that knowledge. So, just given the fact that it's called a harness, you can kind of it's called a harness, you can kind of it's called a harness, you can kind of think of it as, you know, I'm going to think of it as, you know, I'm going to think of it as, you know, I'm going to draw a really crappy dog here. Put draw a really crappy dog here. Put draw a really crappy dog here. Put another way, here's a really crappy another way, here's a really crappy another way, here's a really crappy rendition of a what I initially wanted rendition of a what I initially wanted rendition of a what I initially wanted to be Canadian dog sledding, and what to be Canadian dog sledding, and what to be Canadian dog sledding, and what ended up being looks more like Santa ended up being looks more like Santa ended up being looks more like Santa with a big fat beard riding a

[37:32] with a big fat beard riding a with a big fat beard riding a questionable reindeer. Uh but basically, questionable reindeer. Uh but basically, questionable reindeer. Uh but basically, you can imagine that like this right you can imagine that like this right you can imagine that like this right over here, this is your LLM, this is the over here, this is your LLM, this is the over here, this is your LLM, this is the actual model intelligence, and then you actual model intelligence, and then you actual model intelligence, and then you over here, okay, this is your harness. over here, okay, this is your harness. over here, okay, this is your harness. This is actually like the the code part This is actually like the the code part This is actually like the the code part of Claude code that sort of controls it. of Claude code that sort of controls it. of Claude code that sort of controls it. And so, the LLM wants to go in a bunch And so, the LLM wants to go in a bunch And so, the LLM wants to go in a bunch of different ways, it wants to do a of different ways, it wants to do a of different ways, it wants to do a bunch of things. What the harness does bunch of things. What the harness does bunch of things. What the harness does is it just sort of narrows down its is it just sort of narrows down its is it just sort of narrows down its direction. And you know, you can kind of direction. And you know, you can kind of direction. And you know, you can kind of almost think of it like uh the barrel of almost think of it like uh the barrel of almost think of it like uh the barrel of a gun or something like that, right? a gun or something like that, right? a gun or something like that, right? Whereas, you know, back in the day, you Whereas, you know, back in the day, you Whereas, you know, back in the day, you might have had like cannons, and then

[38:02] might have had like cannons, and then might have had like cannons, and then you might have loaded those cannons with you might have loaded those cannons with you might have loaded those cannons with big uh big uh big uh massive cannonballs, and they're huge. massive cannonballs, and they're huge. massive cannonballs, and they're huge. And what you'd do is you'd stuff some And what you'd do is you'd stuff some And what you'd do is you'd stuff some additional gunpowder underneath and additional gunpowder underneath and additional gunpowder underneath and stuff like that. And those cannons would stuff like that. And those cannons would stuff like that. And those cannons would kind of, you know, despite the fact that kind of, you know, despite the fact that kind of, you know, despite the fact that they were operating off the same they were operating off the same they were operating off the same fundamental technology, which is fundamental technology, which is fundamental technology, which is gunpowder, they might not really be able gunpowder, they might not really be able gunpowder, they might not really be able to go so far. I don't know, let's just to go so far. I don't know, let's just to go so far. I don't know, let's just say 50 m. say 50 m. say 50 m. Nowadays, obviously, we have um this is Nowadays, obviously, we have um this is Nowadays, obviously, we have um this is my really crappy gun drawing. With, you my really crappy gun drawing. With, you my really crappy gun drawing. With, you know, more or less the exact same know, more or less the exact same know, more or less the exact same technology, you put some sort of bullet technology, you put some sort of bullet technology, you put some sort of bullet in there, right? But then, because of in there, right? But then, because of in there, right? But then, because of the technology that surrounds the core

[38:34] the technology that surrounds the core the technology that surrounds the core thing, which is the gunpowder, you know, thing, which is the gunpowder, you know, thing, which is the gunpowder, you know, the bullet can go a lot farther. So, the bullet can go a lot farther. So, the bullet can go a lot farther. So, maybe instead of 50 m, now it can go, I maybe instead of 50 m, now it can go, I maybe instead of 50 m, now it can go, I don't know, 250 m or so. don't know, 250 m or so. don't know, 250 m or so. So, this is how I this is how I think So, this is how I this is how I think So, this is how I this is how I think about harnesses, okay? And I don't mean about harnesses, okay? And I don't mean about harnesses, okay? And I don't mean to just show you a bunch of silly grade to just show you a bunch of silly grade to just show you a bunch of silly grade school analogies, but it is important to school analogies, but it is important to school analogies, but it is important to realize that like that is what um now realize that like that is what um now realize that like that is what um now Claude Code really is. And because Claude Code really is. And because Claude Code really is. And because Claude Code is a harness, obviously, Claude Code is a harness, obviously, Claude Code is a harness, obviously, there are a bunch of other people that there are a bunch of other people that there are a bunch of other people that have tried making their own harnesses as have tried making their own harnesses as have tried making their own harnesses as well. Just like we have frameworks like well. Just like we have frameworks like well. Just like we have frameworks like React and View and then Next.js and and React and View and then Next.js and and React and View and then Next.js and and and Knox, we also have a bunch of and Knox, we also have a bunch of and Knox, we also have a bunch of different harnesses that have been different harnesses that have been different harnesses that have been developed that supposedly work on and

[39:04] developed that supposedly work on and developed that supposedly work on and then improve on on specific aspects. then improve on on specific aspects. then improve on on specific aspects. What are some of those aspects? Things What are some of those aspects? Things What are some of those aspects? Things like security, right? Automatic like security, right? Automatic like security, right? Automatic permissions, so plan mode versus default permissions, so plan mode versus default permissions, so plan mode versus default mode versus the new enable auto mode and mode versus the new enable auto mode and mode versus the new enable auto mode and then bypass permissions mode. You know, then bypass permissions mode. You know, then bypass permissions mode. You know, there are some harnesses out there, there are some harnesses out there, there are some harnesses out there, okay? There are some a gigantic SDKs and okay? There are some a gigantic SDKs and okay? There are some a gigantic SDKs and stuff like that, not going to name any stuff like that, not going to name any stuff like that, not going to name any names, but names, but names, but um there are some of them that are um there are some of them that are um there are some of them that are probably a little bit less secure than probably a little bit less secure than probably a little bit less secure than others. Such that if they were to read a others. Such that if they were to read a others. Such that if they were to read a Twitter thread that looked like this, Twitter thread that looked like this, Twitter thread that looked like this, maybe they would actually execute sudo maybe they would actually execute sudo maybe they would actually execute sudo rm -rf and delete your entire hard rm -rf and delete your entire hard rm -rf and delete your entire hard drive, right? Bunch of examples of

[39:35] drive, right? Bunch of examples of drive, right? Bunch of examples of people screwing around with this. This people screwing around with this. This people screwing around with this. This is an example of Codex, which um you is an example of Codex, which um you is an example of Codex, which um you know, being an extraordinarily competent know, being an extraordinarily competent know, being an extraordinarily competent model, I can't really talk down too much model, I can't really talk down too much model, I can't really talk down too much on. But this is an actual conversation on. But this is an actual conversation on. But this is an actual conversation that uh you know, it had with somebody that uh you know, it had with somebody that uh you know, it had with somebody that I found on Twitter. You know, the that I found on Twitter. You know, the that I found on Twitter. You know, the model basically tried to running model basically tried to running model basically tried to running something that was like rm -rf, which to something that was like rm -rf, which to something that was like rm -rf, which to make a long story short, in case you make a long story short, in case you make a long story short, in case you didn't know, just deletes everything. didn't know, just deletes everything. didn't know, just deletes everything. And uh here it says, "Well, the shell And uh here it says, "Well, the shell And uh here it says, "Well, the shell policy actually blocked the raw rmrf. policy actually blocked the raw rmrf. policy actually blocked the raw rmrf. So, what I'm doing is I'm removing those So, what I'm doing is I'm removing those So, what I'm doing is I'm removing those generated directories like in the shell generated directories like in the shell generated directories like in the shell policy with a Python cleanup instead. policy with a Python cleanup instead. policy with a Python cleanup instead. Same effect, less policy friction, Same effect, less policy friction, Same effect, less policy friction, right?" It's just going to go ahead and right?" It's just going to go ahead and right?" It's just going to go ahead and delete the entire thing. You know, the

[40:06] delete the entire thing. You know, the delete the entire thing. You know, the the harness impacts a model's ability to the harness impacts a model's ability to the harness impacts a model's ability to get things done. It also impacts get things done. It also impacts get things done. It also impacts ultimately the safety. It impacts like ultimately the safety. It impacts like ultimately the safety. It impacts like the memory and so on and so on and so the memory and so on and so on and so the memory and so on and so on and so forth. And so, hopefully, at least now forth. And so, hopefully, at least now forth. And so, hopefully, at least now you guys understand what the harness is you guys understand what the harness is you guys understand what the harness is before I show you guys some examples of before I show you guys some examples of before I show you guys some examples of different versions of it. Obviously different versions of it. Obviously different versions of it. Obviously Claude code is the major harness today, Claude code is the major harness today, Claude code is the major harness today, but there's a great blog post over here but there's a great blog post over here but there's a great blog post over here by LangChain that more or less describes by LangChain that more or less describes by LangChain that more or less describes a way to create different harnesses. a way to create different harnesses. a way to create different harnesses. The model gets a certain type of context The model gets a certain type of context The model gets a certain type of context injected into it prompts memory skills injected into it prompts memory skills injected into it prompts memory skills or conversation. Then you also have or conversation. Then you also have or conversation. Then you also have orchestration, things like Ralph loops

[40:37] orchestration, things like Ralph loops orchestration, things like Ralph loops which is really big a while back that which is really big a while back that which is really big a while back that was a different type of harness. was a different type of harness. was a different type of harness. You know, there's a certain persistence You know, there's a certain persistence You know, there's a certain persistence of data, actions, and then the ability of data, actions, and then the ability of data, actions, and then the ability to both observe and verify so with to both observe and verify so with to both observe and verify so with screenshots and stuff like that. screenshots and stuff like that. screenshots and stuff like that. One harness that a lot of people are One harness that a lot of people are One harness that a lot of people are using now is this sort of droid idea, using now is this sort of droid idea, using now is this sort of droid idea, which was built by Factory AI. So droid which was built by Factory AI. So droid which was built by Factory AI. So droid is like a publicly available harness is like a publicly available harness is like a publicly available harness that you can run and download today. that you can run and download today. that you can run and download today. pi.dev is also exploding in terms of pi.dev is also exploding in terms of pi.dev is also exploding in terms of popularity. So whereas Claude code, you popularity. So whereas Claude code, you popularity. So whereas Claude code, you know, obviously needs to run with Claude know, obviously needs to run with Claude know, obviously needs to run with Claude infrastructure, right? Claude is the infrastructure, right? Claude is the infrastructure, right? Claude is the model underlying Claude code. This pi

[41:07] model underlying Claude code. This pi model underlying Claude code. This pi coding agent is sort of like the coding agent is sort of like the coding agent is sort of like the open-source provider of it. You can feed open-source provider of it. You can feed open-source provider of it. You can feed in more or less anything that you want in more or less anything that you want in more or less anything that you want including Claude and then just have it including Claude and then just have it including Claude and then just have it operate inside of this this harness. And operate inside of this this harness. And operate inside of this this harness. And you know, what this does is it just you know, what this does is it just you know, what this does is it just changes the way that we store memories, changes the way that we store memories, changes the way that we store memories, it changes the way that we store certain it changes the way that we store certain it changes the way that we store certain files. It's sort of like modifies, it's files. It's sort of like modifies, it's files. It's sort of like modifies, it's almost like an alien or bizarro version almost like an alien or bizarro version almost like an alien or bizarro version of Claude code in so far that it changes of Claude code in so far that it changes of Claude code in so far that it changes a few of like the fundamental constants a few of like the fundamental constants a few of like the fundamental constants like how long before context compaction, like how long before context compaction, like how long before context compaction, you know, how to try different types of you know, how to try different types of you know, how to try different types of solutions and stuff like that. Various solutions and stuff like that. Various solutions and stuff like that. Various baked-in behaviors regarding Claude code baked-in behaviors regarding Claude code baked-in behaviors regarding Claude code and and so on and so forth. And the

[41:37] and and so on and so forth. And the and and so on and so forth. And the reason I'm covering this is because, you reason I'm covering this is because, you reason I'm covering this is because, you know, this is something that was very know, this is something that was very know, this is something that was very fundamental to Anthropic. The back end fundamental to Anthropic. The back end fundamental to Anthropic. The back end of November the 26th, 2025 they wrote a of November the 26th, 2025 they wrote a of November the 26th, 2025 they wrote a big long blog post called Effective big long blog post called Effective big long blog post called Effective Harnesses for Long Running Agents, which Harnesses for Long Running Agents, which Harnesses for Long Running Agents, which at the time kind of changed the game. at the time kind of changed the game. at the time kind of changed the game. And I would say this is the beginning of And I would say this is the beginning of And I would say this is the beginning of the kickoff of Claude code superiority the kickoff of Claude code superiority the kickoff of Claude code superiority over most other harnesses. over most other harnesses. over most other harnesses. And so, you know, here it describes And so, you know, here it describes And so, you know, here it describes various different ways to work on long various different ways to work on long various different ways to work on long running coding projects and manage running coding projects and manage running coding projects and manage environments and stuff like that. And so environments and stuff like that. And so environments and stuff like that. And so obviously this is something that's like obviously this is something that's like obviously this is something that's like very fundamentally baked into Claude very fundamentally baked into Claude very fundamentally baked into Claude code. If you want to understand Claude code. If you want to understand Claude code. If you want to understand Claude code at an advanced level, code at an advanced level, code at an advanced level, you can't get better than getting it at you can't get better than getting it at

[42:07] you can't get better than getting it at a harness level. Okay, so you know, a harness level. Okay, so you know, a harness level. Okay, so you know, obviously this is a Claude code course, obviously this is a Claude code course, obviously this is a Claude code course, it's not another harness course, but you it's not another harness course, but you it's not another harness course, but you should at least know what agent should at least know what agent should at least know what agent harnesses are before you proceed to the harnesses are before you proceed to the harnesses are before you proceed to the rest of the course because, you know, rest of the course because, you know, rest of the course because, you know, the more understanding of harnesses you the more understanding of harnesses you the more understanding of harnesses you have, I think the better you'll be able have, I think the better you'll be able have, I think the better you'll be able to appreciate and then I digest and to appreciate and then I digest and to appreciate and then I digest and ultimately execute on what I'm about to ultimately execute on what I'm about to ultimately execute on what I'm about to show you. show you. show you. Next, I want to chat a little bit about Next, I want to chat a little bit about Next, I want to chat a little bit about parallelization, about things like agent parallelization, about things like agent parallelization, about things like agent teams, about sub-agents, and a couple of teams, about sub-agents, and a couple of teams, about sub-agents, and a couple of other ways of distributing work to other ways of distributing work to other ways of distributing work to minimize the amount of time and effort minimize the amount of time and effort minimize the amount of time and effort that goes into things while also that goes into things while also that goes into things while also increasing the quality of the output.

[42:37] increasing the quality of the output. increasing the quality of the output. Okay, so I say agent teams here, but Okay, so I say agent teams here, but Okay, so I say agent teams here, but let's start with parallelization. A big let's start with parallelization. A big let's start with parallelization. A big question that I think a lot of people question that I think a lot of people question that I think a lot of people have is, well, first of all, what the have is, well, first of all, what the have is, well, first of all, what the heck is parallelization, which is just heck is parallelization, which is just heck is parallelization, which is just doing multiple things simultaneously doing multiple things simultaneously doing multiple things simultaneously instead of waiting for sequential things instead of waiting for sequential things instead of waiting for sequential things to finish. And then the second one is to finish. And then the second one is to finish. And then the second one is like, Nick, why the hell should we like, Nick, why the hell should we like, Nick, why the hell should we parallelize our agents to begin with? parallelize our agents to begin with? parallelize our agents to begin with? And to that I say, have you ever, you And to that I say, have you ever, you And to that I say, have you ever, you know, sent a long-running task request know, sent a long-running task request know, sent a long-running task request to Claude code and actually had Claude to Claude code and actually had Claude to Claude code and actually had Claude execute on something for more than a few execute on something for more than a few execute on something for more than a few minutes? For the vast majority of the minutes? For the vast majority of the minutes? For the vast majority of the time, you're just sitting there time, you're just sitting there time, you're just sitting there twiddling your thumbs. Twiddling your twiddling your thumbs. Twiddling your twiddling your thumbs. Twiddling your thumbs is not very economically thumbs is not very economically thumbs is not very economically productive, so if I have ways to not productive, so if I have ways to not productive, so if I have ways to not twiddle my thumbs, I will do so. And I twiddle my thumbs, I will do so. And I twiddle my thumbs, I will do so. And I really, I guess mean is that autonomous

[43:09] really, I guess mean is that autonomous really, I guess mean is that autonomous agents just take a long time to finish agents just take a long time to finish agents just take a long time to finish tasks. tasks. tasks. You know, when we started with this You know, when we started with this You know, when we started with this stuff, or at least when I started with stuff, or at least when I started with stuff, or at least when I started with this stuff last year, you know, Claude this stuff last year, you know, Claude this stuff last year, you know, Claude could realistically work on things for could realistically work on things for could realistically work on things for 30 seconds. 30 seconds. 30 seconds. The other day, I had Claude work on The other day, I had Claude work on The other day, I had Claude work on something for over 15 minutes. something for over 15 minutes. something for over 15 minutes. And so, if all I'm doing is just sitting And so, if all I'm doing is just sitting And so, if all I'm doing is just sitting there waiting for it to do this there waiting for it to do this there waiting for it to do this 15-minute task, you can imagine that my 15-minute task, you can imagine that my 15-minute task, you can imagine that my productivity is basically going to be productivity is basically going to be productivity is basically going to be punctuated by me just sitting around punctuated by me just sitting around punctuated by me just sitting around watching it, it does something, I get watching it, it does something, I get watching it, it does something, I get the result, make some minor changes, the result, make some minor changes, the result, make some minor changes, wait for another 15 minutes, and so on wait for another 15 minutes, and so on wait for another 15 minutes, and so on and so forth. That's not very efficient. and so forth. That's not very efficient. and so forth. That's not very efficient. So, parallelization allows us to reduce So, parallelization allows us to reduce So, parallelization allows us to reduce the total amount of time by a factor of

[43:39] the total amount of time by a factor of the total amount of time by a factor of at least a few, from 15 minutes to maybe at least a few, from 15 minutes to maybe at least a few, from 15 minutes to maybe a couple minutes, so it'll be able to a couple minutes, so it'll be able to a couple minutes, so it'll be able to work on smaller, more more work on smaller, more more work on smaller, more more self-contained things. self-contained things. self-contained things. Um the two will also just get power Um the two will also just get power Um the two will also just get power quality. quality. quality. Another thing is that many tasks feature Another thing is that many tasks feature Another thing is that many tasks feature independent steps that can be broken independent steps that can be broken independent steps that can be broken down. So, for instance, let's say I'm down. So, for instance, let's say I'm down. So, for instance, let's say I'm doing some sort of task, okay? And this doing some sort of task, okay? And this doing some sort of task, okay? And this is just like how long it would normally is just like how long it would normally is just like how long it would normally take if you go serially. And so, the take if you go serially. And so, the take if you go serially. And so, the option A is just to do what most people option A is just to do what most people option A is just to do what most people do, which is where they'll do, I don't do, which is where they'll do, I don't do, which is where they'll do, I don't know, they'll do step one, and then know, they'll do step one, and then know, they'll do step one, and then they'll do step two, and then they'll do they'll do step two, and then they'll do they'll do step two, and then they'll do step three, and then they'll do step step three, and then they'll do step step three, and then they'll do step four. four. four. So, that's 1 2 3 4.

[44:10] So, that's 1 2 3 4. So, that's 1 2 3 4. This task over here takes 5 minutes. This task over here takes 5 minutes. This task over here takes 5 minutes. This task over here takes 5 minutes. This task over here takes 5 minutes. This task over here takes 5 minutes. Stack over here takes 5 minutes. And Stack over here takes 5 minutes. And Stack over here takes 5 minutes. And this task over here takes 5 minutes. this task over here takes 5 minutes. this task over here takes 5 minutes. What's the total amount of time kind of What's the total amount of time kind of What's the total amount of time kind of collectively? Well, it's 20 minutes, collectively? Well, it's 20 minutes, collectively? Well, it's 20 minutes, right? So, that's sort of A you know, right? So, that's sort of A you know, right? So, that's sort of A you know, the serial way that most other people do the serial way that most other people do the serial way that most other people do things. Well, guess what? Turns out a things. Well, guess what? Turns out a things. Well, guess what? Turns out a lot of tasks don't need to necessarily lot of tasks don't need to necessarily lot of tasks don't need to necessarily be like that. be like that. be like that. If I just copied all of this stuff over, If I just copied all of this stuff over, If I just copied all of this stuff over, okay? And then instead ran a couple of okay? And then instead ran a couple of okay? And then instead ran a couple of these in parallel, so I actually had I these in parallel, so I actually had I these in parallel, so I actually had I don't know, three of these don't know, three of these don't know, three of these simultaneously and then kind of combined

[44:41] simultaneously and then kind of combined simultaneously and then kind of combined all of them. If I did something maybe all of them. If I did something maybe all of them. If I did something maybe more akin to this instead. Hopefully you more akin to this instead. Hopefully you more akin to this instead. Hopefully you guys could see now, okay? Instead of guys could see now, okay? Instead of guys could see now, okay? Instead of everything taking everything taking everything taking you know, 5 minutes, 5 minutes, 5 you know, 5 minutes, 5 minutes, 5 you know, 5 minutes, 5 minutes, 5 minutes, and 5 minutes. Maybe what I'm minutes, and 5 minutes. Maybe what I'm minutes, and 5 minutes. Maybe what I'm capable of doing realistically is this capable of doing realistically is this capable of doing realistically is this takes 5 minutes. takes 5 minutes. takes 5 minutes. This takes 5 minutes. And then the This takes 5 minutes. And then the This takes 5 minutes. And then the integration step about these three which integration step about these three which integration step about these three which were two, three, and four only takes 2 minutes. So, what I'm doing only takes 2 minutes. So, what I'm doing is I'm basically converting a task that is I'm basically converting a task that is I'm basically converting a task that previously took 20 minutes and I'm previously took 20 minutes and I'm previously took 20 minutes and I'm turning it into one that took 12 turning it into one that took 12 turning it into one that took 12 minutes. minutes. minutes. Which you know, if you just did a little Which you know, if you just did a little Which you know, if you just did a little ratio, 12 over 20 is equal to 3 over 5.

[45:15] ratio, 12 over 20 is equal to 3 over 5. ratio, 12 over 20 is equal to 3 over 5. And so, what I'm capable of doing is And so, what I'm capable of doing is And so, what I'm capable of doing is getting it down about 40% about 60% of getting it down about 40% about 60% of getting it down about 40% about 60% of the total work. Hopefully you guys see the total work. Hopefully you guys see the total work. Hopefully you guys see when you have tasks that can actually be when you have tasks that can actually be when you have tasks that can actually be broken down in this way, aka a task that broken down in this way, aka a task that broken down in this way, aka a task that you can expand and run simultaneously you can expand and run simultaneously you can expand and run simultaneously through some form of parallelization. through some form of parallelization. through some form of parallelization. Just makes more sense to do all three of Just makes more sense to do all three of Just makes more sense to do all three of these things simultaneously rather than these things simultaneously rather than these things simultaneously rather than one parent agent being responsible for one parent agent being responsible for one parent agent being responsible for everything like doing one and then doing everything like doing one and then doing everything like doing one and then doing two, then doing three, then doing four. two, then doing three, then doing four. two, then doing three, then doing four. What we can do is we can take two, What we can do is we can take two, What we can do is we can take two, three, and four, stack them on top of three, and four, stack them on top of three, and four, stack them on top of each other, add an additional step five each other, add an additional step five each other, add an additional step five called a synthesizer, and then take the called a synthesizer, and then take the called a synthesizer, and then take the results of these in and do it do it in results of these in and do it do it in results of these in and do it do it in like a fraction.

[45:45] like a fraction. like a fraction. Um another big reason is that agents are Um another big reason is that agents are Um another big reason is that agents are what are called stochastic, aka they what are called stochastic, aka they what are called stochastic, aka they don't always return the same answer. So, don't always return the same answer. So, don't always return the same answer. So, if I ran, you know, Claude five times on if I ran, you know, Claude five times on if I ran, you know, Claude five times on basically the exact same thing. Every basically the exact same thing. Every basically the exact same thing. Every single time I have a slightly different single time I have a slightly different single time I have a slightly different response, okay? Every time I have a response, okay? Every time I have a response, okay? Every time I have a slightly different response. And just to slightly different response. And just to slightly different response. And just to show you guys what I mean by that, I'm show you guys what I mean by that, I'm show you guys what I mean by that, I'm going to open up um my Claude code over going to open up um my Claude code over going to open up um my Claude code over here, and I'm actually going to open up here, and I'm actually going to open up here, and I'm actually going to open up three different tabs. Let me just three different tabs. Let me just three different tabs. Let me just visualize this. Stick this right in the visualize this. Stick this right in the visualize this. Stick this right in the middle. middle. middle. Okay, and then over here, let me just Okay, and then over here, let me just Okay, and then over here, let me just make sure that all these are operating make sure that all these are operating make sure that all these are operating the same. I'm going to say, "I'd like the same. I'm going to say, "I'd like the same. I'm going to say, "I'd like you to determine five ways to improve you to determine five ways to improve you to determine five ways to improve this code base."

[46:16] this code base." this code base." I'm just going to paste this across all I'm just going to paste this across all I'm just going to paste this across all three of these. I'll paste, and I'll three of these. I'll paste, and I'll three of these. I'll paste, and I'll paste. Now, I'm just going to run all paste. Now, I'm just going to run all paste. Now, I'm just going to run all three of them. And I just want you to three of them. And I just want you to three of them. And I just want you to notice sort of what's going on here. notice sort of what's going on here. notice sort of what's going on here. Obviously, the first thing it's going to Obviously, the first thing it's going to Obviously, the first thing it's going to do is try reading the key files, but do is try reading the key files, but do is try reading the key files, but check out the different solutions check out the different solutions check out the different solutions basically that it's coming up with on basically that it's coming up with on basically that it's coming up with on all three of these different runs. So, all three of these different runs. So, all three of these different runs. So, in the first run, okay, uh breakage in the first run, okay, uh breakage in the first run, okay, uh breakage broken image paths, missing title and broken image paths, missing title and broken image paths, missing title and meta tags, nav links hidden inside meta tags, nav links hidden inside meta tags, nav links hidden inside mobile with no replacement, project mobile with no replacement, project mobile with no replacement, project cards aren't actually links, no keyboard cards aren't actually links, no keyboard cards aren't actually links, no keyboard focus styles or script to content link. focus styles or script to content link. focus styles or script to content link. The second was broken image paths,

[46:47] The second was broken image paths, The second was broken image paths, missing meta tags, no mobile nav, but missing meta tags, no mobile nav, but missing meta tags, no mobile nav, but now look, placeholder links everywhere, now look, placeholder links everywhere, now look, placeholder links everywhere, typo in footer. typo in footer. typo in footer. Okay, and you can see that, you know, Okay, and you can see that, you know, Okay, and you can see that, you know, basically the more times we run these basically the more times we run these basically the more times we run these you know, agents, and then the further you know, agents, and then the further you know, agents, and then the further away they get from the beginning, the away they get from the beginning, the away they get from the beginning, the more they tend to diverge. And there's a more they tend to diverge. And there's a more they tend to diverge. And there's a physical reason for that, right? Like at physical reason for that, right? Like at physical reason for that, right? Like at the very beginning, if this is sort of the very beginning, if this is sort of the very beginning, if this is sort of like I don't know, the total answer. At like I don't know, the total answer. At like I don't know, the total answer. At the very beginning, the very beginning, the very beginning, you know, red is pretty similar to you know, red is pretty similar to you know, red is pretty similar to black. black. black. But eventually, it diverges a fair bit. But eventually, it diverges a fair bit. But eventually, it diverges a fair bit. Green similar to red, and then it Green similar to red, and then it Green similar to red, and then it diverges a fair bit. Blue similar to all

[47:18] diverges a fair bit. Blue similar to all diverges a fair bit. Blue similar to all these, but it diverges a fair bit. And I these, but it diverges a fair bit. And I these, but it diverges a fair bit. And I guess the point that I'm trying to make guess the point that I'm trying to make guess the point that I'm trying to make is like, you know, over here, uh let's is like, you know, over here, uh let's is like, you know, over here, uh let's pick another color so it's pretty pick another color so it's pretty pick another color so it's pretty obvious that these are all a bit obvious that these are all a bit obvious that these are all a bit different. We'll do purple. Over here, different. We'll do purple. Over here, different. We'll do purple. Over here, these this is sort of like the zone of these this is sort of like the zone of these this is sort of like the zone of similarity, right? similarity, right? similarity, right? But then after you make it to a certain But then after you make it to a certain But then after you make it to a certain point, because of the multiplicative point, because of the multiplicative point, because of the multiplicative nature of how large language models work nature of how large language models work nature of how large language models work under the hood, they're basically under the hood, they're basically under the hood, they're basically multiplying the statistical multiplying the statistical multiplying the statistical probabilities of like one token after probabilities of like one token after probabilities of like one token after the other after the other after the the other after the other after the the other after the other after the other, uh you have massive divergence in other, uh you have massive divergence in other, uh you have massive divergence in the end result. And so, you know, this the end result. And so, you know, this the end result. And so, you know, this might go ABC, this might go BCD, this

[47:51] might go ABC, this might go BCD, this might go ABC, this might go BCD, this might go ABE, this might go ABZ, and might go ABE, this might go ABZ, and might go ABE, this might go ABZ, and this might go ACQ, or something like this might go ACQ, or something like this might go ACQ, or something like that. that. that. What you can do is you can actually just What you can do is you can actually just What you can do is you can actually just run five times. And now notice if I run run five times. And now notice if I run run five times. And now notice if I run this once, I'd only get A, B, C. But this once, I'd only get A, B, C. But this once, I'd only get A, B, C. But because I've run this another time, I because I've run this another time, I because I've run this another time, I got all the way to D. I run this another got all the way to D. I run this another got all the way to D. I run this another time, I got all the way to E. You know, time, I got all the way to E. You know, time, I got all the way to E. You know, if you would just count up all of the if you would just count up all of the if you would just count up all of the different unique answers here, I have A, different unique answers here, I have A, different unique answers here, I have A, I have B, I have C, I have D, I also I have B, I have C, I have D, I also I have B, I have C, I have D, I also have E, I even have Q, and then I have have E, I even have Q, and then I have have E, I even have Q, and then I have Z. Z. Z. So you can see here that like I'm So you can see here that like I'm So you can see here that like I'm basically getting 2.5 times the total basically getting 2.5 times the total basically getting 2.5 times the total number of possible answers by running

[48:21] number of possible answers by running number of possible answers by running things multiple times and then just things multiple times and then just things multiple times and then just averaging out and taking all the unique averaging out and taking all the unique averaging out and taking all the unique outputs, right? outputs, right? outputs, right? That's really the the principle of That's really the the principle of That's really the the principle of stochasticity. Because they don't always stochasticity. Because they don't always stochasticity. Because they don't always return the same answer, if you return the same answer, if you return the same answer, if you parallelize your agents, you can parallelize your agents, you can parallelize your agents, you can actually run multiple times with same or actually run multiple times with same or actually run multiple times with same or similar queries. similar queries. similar queries. Uh and then you can actually have Uh and then you can actually have Uh and then you can actually have different answers given to you that just different answers given to you that just different answers given to you that just sort of live outside of the distribution sort of live outside of the distribution sort of live outside of the distribution uh or average run, which is pretty uh or average run, which is pretty uh or average run, which is pretty amazing. So I'm going to show you guys amazing. So I'm going to show you guys amazing. So I'm going to show you guys how that works specifically with um how that works specifically with um how that works specifically with um debate and stochastic consensus models. debate and stochastic consensus models. debate and stochastic consensus models. If anybody's seen my Agentic AI course If anybody's seen my Agentic AI course If anybody's seen my Agentic AI course on that, you'll know more or less what I on that, you'll know more or less what I on that, you'll know more or less what I mean by that. I'm also going to show you mean by that. I'm also going to show you mean by that. I'm also going to show you some fan-in, fan-out um researching

[48:52] some fan-in, fan-out um researching some fan-in, fan-out um researching flows as well as some some sequential flows as well as some some sequential flows as well as some some sequential pipeline handoffs. pipeline handoffs. pipeline handoffs. Uh but really the the fourth and final Uh but really the the fourth and final Uh but really the the fourth and final reason is because model performance reason is because model performance reason is because model performance degrades as context increases. So the degrades as context increases. So the degrades as context increases. So the shorter and the cleaner your context shorter and the cleaner your context shorter and the cleaner your context windows are, typically the better the windows are, typically the better the windows are, typically the better the results are as well. results are as well. results are as well. Uh what I mean by this is, you know, Uh what I mean by this is, you know, Uh what I mean by this is, you know, because the parallelization aspect because the parallelization aspect because the parallelization aspect typically involves sub-agents, which I'm typically involves sub-agents, which I'm typically involves sub-agents, which I'm going to show you guys a little bit going to show you guys a little bit going to show you guys a little bit about, you get to avoid the problem about, you get to avoid the problem about, you get to avoid the problem where the increasing length, number of where the increasing length, number of where the increasing length, number of tokens, um leads to poor performance. tokens, um leads to poor performance. tokens, um leads to poor performance. And so you know, if like on average or And so you know, if like on average or And so you know, if like on average or this is more or less the relationship this is more or less the relationship this is more or less the relationship between the number of things in your between the number of things in your between the number of things in your context window and then the performance

[49:22] context window and then the performance context window and then the performance of the model, uh we are going to we're of the model, uh we are going to we're of the model, uh we are going to we're going to end up just almost always going to end up just almost always going to end up just almost always staying right around here, which is the staying right around here, which is the staying right around here, which is the zone of good. By the way, I just made zone of good. By the way, I just made zone of good. By the way, I just made that up. It's not actually called the that up. It's not actually called the that up. It's not actually called the zone of good. Hopefully you guys zone of good. Hopefully you guys zone of good. Hopefully you guys understand the distinctions there understand the distinctions there understand the distinctions there though. Um when you parallelize and then though. Um when you parallelize and then though. Um when you parallelize and then feed tiny chunks of a problem to feed tiny chunks of a problem to feed tiny chunks of a problem to multiple agents, they can all be at the multiple agents, they can all be at the multiple agents, they can all be at the zone of good. You don't actually have to zone of good. You don't actually have to zone of good. You don't actually have to like go all the way down here. It's not like go all the way down here. It's not like go all the way down here. It's not just one agent that's doing all the just one agent that's doing all the just one agent that's doing all the work. work. work. Okay, so so what are examples of how to Okay, so so what are examples of how to Okay, so so what are examples of how to parallelize in the first place? Well, parallelize in the first place? Well, parallelize in the first place? Well, there's like a built-in function called there's like a built-in function called there's like a built-in function called agent teams now in Cloud Code, which agent teams now in Cloud Code, which agent teams now in Cloud Code, which does a fair amount of this. So I'm going

[49:52] does a fair amount of this. So I'm going does a fair amount of this. So I'm going to show you guys some ways to do that. to show you guys some ways to do that. to show you guys some ways to do that. But, I just wanted to chat a little bit But, I just wanted to chat a little bit But, I just wanted to chat a little bit more generally without even going into more generally without even going into more generally without even going into agent teams first before I show you some agent teams first before I show you some agent teams first before I show you some demos. Um of like different ways that I demos. Um of like different ways that I demos. Um of like different ways that I personally approach problem-solving and personally approach problem-solving and personally approach problem-solving and I've seen some of the best and the I've seen some of the best and the I've seen some of the best and the brightest use CloudCode for this sort of brightest use CloudCode for this sort of brightest use CloudCode for this sort of parallelization. parallelization. parallelization. And I'm going to call them common team And I'm going to call them common team And I'm going to call them common team patterns, okay? Um essentially, there's patterns, okay? Um essentially, there's patterns, okay? Um essentially, there's three main things I want to cover. The three main things I want to cover. The three main things I want to cover. The first is the ability to fan out and then first is the ability to fan out and then first is the ability to fan out and then fan in. And so, that's where you fan in. And so, that's where you fan in. And so, that's where you actually spawn a bunch of different actually spawn a bunch of different actually spawn a bunch of different research sub agents and then you have a research sub agents and then you have a research sub agents and then you have a synthesizer sub agent which takes all of

[50:22] synthesizer sub agent which takes all of synthesizer sub agent which takes all of their outputs. And then, um based off of their outputs. And then, um based off of their outputs. And then, um based off of the outputs of that synthesizer, you can the outputs of that synthesizer, you can the outputs of that synthesizer, you can do either more fan out fan in flows or do either more fan out fan in flows or do either more fan out fan in flows or you could do some form of final you could do some form of final you could do some form of final synthesis step. Okay, so what I mean by synthesis step. Okay, so what I mean by synthesis step. Okay, so what I mean by that is like let's say before you have a that is like let's say before you have a that is like let's say before you have a query and it's, you know, I want to find query and it's, you know, I want to find query and it's, you know, I want to find the best, okay, absolute best APIs the best, okay, absolute best APIs the best, okay, absolute best APIs for my feature, whatever the feature is. for my feature, whatever the feature is. for my feature, whatever the feature is. It's X feature, I don't know, it's like It's X feature, I don't know, it's like It's X feature, I don't know, it's like some app that generates things, some app that generates things, some app that generates things, whatever. So, I want to find the best whatever. So, I want to find the best whatever. So, I want to find the best APIs out there for this feature that,

[50:52] APIs out there for this feature that, APIs out there for this feature that, you know, allow me to very quickly and you know, allow me to very quickly and you know, allow me to very quickly and easily do the things I want to do. easily do the things I want to do. easily do the things I want to do. We can imagine like if you were to do We can imagine like if you were to do We can imagine like if you were to do this um in the old-school linear path, this um in the old-school linear path, this um in the old-school linear path, what would happen is CloudCode would what would happen is CloudCode would what would happen is CloudCode would spin up, okay, in the same thread spin up, okay, in the same thread spin up, okay, in the same thread research on site number one research on site number one research on site number one and then go on site number two and then go on site number two and then go on site number two and then go site number three and then go site number three and then go site number three and then go on site number four, right? and then go on site number four, right? and then go on site number four, right? And what would be occurring the entire And what would be occurring the entire And what would be occurring the entire time that we're going through all these time that we're going through all these time that we're going through all these different websites? different websites? different websites? Well, the length of our total contacts Well, the length of our total contacts Well, the length of our total contacts would increase, meaning our performance

[51:22] would increase, meaning our performance would increase, meaning our performance on average would also decrease, okay? In on average would also decrease, okay? In on average would also decrease, okay? In addition, it's taking time. So, it's 5 addition, it's taking time. So, it's 5 addition, it's taking time. So, it's 5 minutes here, it's 5 minutes there, it's minutes here, it's 5 minutes there, it's minutes here, it's 5 minutes there, it's 5 minutes there, it's 5 minutes there, 5 minutes there, it's 5 minutes there, 5 minutes there, it's 5 minutes there, and so on and so forth. Then at the end, and so on and so forth. Then at the end, and so on and so forth. Then at the end, what it would do is it'd have a final what it would do is it'd have a final what it would do is it'd have a final synthesis step, which I'm just going to synthesis step, which I'm just going to synthesis step, which I'm just going to call S, which would basically combine call S, which would basically combine call S, which would basically combine one, two, three, and four together, one, two, three, and four together, one, two, three, and four together, which could take a certain other amount which could take a certain other amount which could take a certain other amount of time, maybe another 5 minutes, before of time, maybe another 5 minutes, before of time, maybe another 5 minutes, before finally giving you your answer. finally giving you your answer. finally giving you your answer. And so, the cost of the answer, okay, if And so, the cost of the answer, okay, if And so, the cost of the answer, okay, if you think about it as like almost like a you think about it as like almost like a you think about it as like almost like a line item. line item. line item. The cost of the answer is, you know, The cost of the answer is, you know, The cost of the answer is, you know, first of all, 25 minutes, which is

[51:53] first of all, 25 minutes, which is first of all, 25 minutes, which is obviously non-preferable to instant, and obviously non-preferable to instant, and obviously non-preferable to instant, and then, you know, a fair amount of tokens then, you know, a fair amount of tokens then, you know, a fair amount of tokens on poorer on poorer on poorer quality outputs. quality outputs. quality outputs. You know, you're probably going to end You know, you're probably going to end You know, you're probably going to end up spending a similar amount of tokens up spending a similar amount of tokens up spending a similar amount of tokens regardless, but you're spending those regardless, but you're spending those regardless, but you're spending those tokens on poor quality outputs because tokens on poor quality outputs because tokens on poor quality outputs because you're kind of you're kind of down here you're kind of you're kind of down here you're kind of you're kind of down here as opposed to up here, right? You're as opposed to up here, right? You're as opposed to up here, right? You're you're here where you don't want to be. you're here where you don't want to be. you're here where you don't want to be. Now, what fan out and fan in is is very Now, what fan out and fan in is is very Now, what fan out and fan in is is very similar to what I showed you guys similar to what I showed you guys similar to what I showed you guys earlier. You have a research query, and earlier. You have a research query, and earlier. You have a research query, and that's, you know, find best APIs.

[52:24] that's, you know, find best APIs. that's, you know, find best APIs. And so, what it does is Claude Code And so, what it does is Claude Code And so, what it does is Claude Code basically goes in and then immediately basically goes in and then immediately basically goes in and then immediately spawns, spawns, spawns, okay? Let's just say okay? Let's just say okay? Let's just say four research agents. four research agents. four research agents. And so, now we have research agent one, And so, now we have research agent one, And so, now we have research agent one, research agent two, research agent research agent two, research agent research agent two, research agent three, and then we have research agent three, and then we have research agent three, and then we have research agent four. four. four. Okay, and so, what we're doing is here Okay, and so, what we're doing is here Okay, and so, what we're doing is here is we're we're we're fanning out. is we're we're we're fanning out. is we're we're we're fanning out. These all operate totally independently These all operate totally independently These all operate totally independently accumulating their own context windows. accumulating their own context windows. accumulating their own context windows. Because they're new agents, they're Because they're new agents, they're Because they're new agents, they're almost always in the zone of good. Maybe almost always in the zone of good. Maybe

[52:54] almost always in the zone of good. Maybe they'll push a little bit farther beyond they'll push a little bit farther beyond they'll push a little bit farther beyond that, but they're still pretty good. that, but they're still pretty good. that, but they're still pretty good. Once we're done with that, what we do is Once we're done with that, what we do is Once we're done with that, what we do is we do the opposite, which is the fan in, we do the opposite, which is the fan in, we do the opposite, which is the fan in, and we feed all of those into a final and we feed all of those into a final and we feed all of those into a final synthesizer agent. That synthesizer synthesizer agent. That synthesizer synthesizer agent. That synthesizer agent now has a different prompt. The agent now has a different prompt. The agent now has a different prompt. The prompt is not, "Hey, go do this prompt is not, "Hey, go do this prompt is not, "Hey, go do this research." The prompt is, "Hey, here's a research." The prompt is, "Hey, here's a research." The prompt is, "Hey, here's a bunch of context from a bunch of other bunch of context from a bunch of other bunch of context from a bunch of other models that have already done the models that have already done the models that have already done the research." Meaning the prompt has to be research." Meaning the prompt has to be research." Meaning the prompt has to be shorter. We then apply high-level shorter. We then apply high-level shorter. We then apply high-level reasoning strategies and principles to reasoning strategies and principles to reasoning strategies and principles to make that a synthesizer as smart as make that a synthesizer as smart as make that a synthesizer as smart as possible, and say things like, "We want possible, and say things like, "We want possible, and say things like, "We want you to integrate anything that overlaps,

[53:26] you to integrate anything that overlaps, you to integrate anything that overlaps, as well as any outliers, and then score as well as any outliers, and then score as well as any outliers, and then score them slightly differently." And so, you them slightly differently." And so, you them slightly differently." And so, you know, rather than being all the way over know, rather than being all the way over know, rather than being all the way over here with our big thing, you know, here with our big thing, you know, here with our big thing, you know, probably we're somewhere over here in probably we're somewhere over here in probably we're somewhere over here in the middle, which means the performance the middle, which means the performance the middle, which means the performance is going to be a little bit better. And is going to be a little bit better. And is going to be a little bit better. And then, obviously, the synthesis step can then, obviously, the synthesis step can then, obviously, the synthesis step can occur in approximately the same amount occur in approximately the same amount occur in approximately the same amount of time as the actual research, because of time as the actual research, because of time as the actual research, because you you spawn almost an infinite number you you spawn almost an infinite number you you spawn almost an infinite number of sub-agents to go do research for you. of sub-agents to go do research for you. of sub-agents to go do research for you. And so really what happened now is you And so really what happened now is you And so really what happened now is you have 5 minutes here, you have 5 minutes have 5 minutes here, you have 5 minutes have 5 minutes here, you have 5 minutes here. You know, just add these up, it's here. You know, just add these up, it's here. You know, just add these up, it's 10 minutes. And so not only are we 10 minutes. And so not only are we 10 minutes. And so not only are we significantly faster, we're also a lot significantly faster, we're also a lot significantly faster, we're also a lot higher quality because now we have all higher quality because now we have all higher quality because now we have all the the data and information laid out to the the data and information laid out to the the data and information laid out to the synthesis agent. More importantly,

[53:58] the synthesis agent. More importantly, the synthesis agent. More importantly, there are different models that are there are different models that are there are different models that are better at different things. And so better at different things. And so better at different things. And so within Claude, you have not only your, within Claude, you have not only your, within Claude, you have not only your, you know, heavy lifter, which is usually you know, heavy lifter, which is usually you know, heavy lifter, which is usually the Opus models, but you also have, you the Opus models, but you also have, you the Opus models, but you also have, you know, your Sonnet models. And then, know, your Sonnet models. And then, know, your Sonnet models. And then, although not a lot of other people use although not a lot of other people use although not a lot of other people use them these days, you also have your them these days, you also have your them these days, you also have your Haiku models. And so what you can do now Haiku models. And so what you can do now Haiku models. And so what you can do now is for the research, which consumes a is for the research, which consumes a is for the research, which consumes a massive number of tokens, but massive number of tokens, but massive number of tokens, but realistically doesn't usually need like realistically doesn't usually need like realistically doesn't usually need like a ton of reasoning for it, it's more of a ton of reasoning for it, it's more of a ton of reasoning for it, it's more of like data extraction, you use something like data extraction, you use something like data extraction, you use something cheap like Haiku and Sonnet. And then cheap like Haiku and Sonnet. And then cheap like Haiku and Sonnet. And then for the synthesis, you use something for the synthesis, you use something for the synthesis, you use something like Opus. Because you're applying like Opus. Because you're applying like Opus. Because you're applying different models at different steps, not

[54:28] different models at different steps, not different models at different steps, not only is it um going to going to occur only is it um going to going to occur only is it um going to going to occur much faster cuz Sonnet works faster than much faster cuz Sonnet works faster than much faster cuz Sonnet works faster than Opus, so maybe instead of 5 minutes Opus, so maybe instead of 5 minutes Opus, so maybe instead of 5 minutes here, it's actually, I don't know, 3 here, it's actually, I don't know, 3 here, it's actually, I don't know, 3 minutes, but then the cost is going to minutes, but then the cost is going to minutes, but then the cost is going to be a small proportion of the money that be a small proportion of the money that be a small proportion of the money that you normally would have spent, just you normally would have spent, just you normally would have spent, just because of the way that pricing on because of the way that pricing on because of the way that pricing on Claude works, right? Pay attention here Claude works, right? Pay attention here Claude works, right? Pay attention here to the fact that Claude Opus, you know, to the fact that Claude Opus, you know, to the fact that Claude Opus, you know, in this case, 4.6 is 5 bucks, Sonnet 4.6 in this case, 4.6 is 5 bucks, Sonnet 4.6 in this case, 4.6 is 5 bucks, Sonnet 4.6 is 3. So we immediately save 60% right is 3. So we immediately save 60% right is 3. So we immediately save 60% right there. there. there. And that's just your base input tokens. And that's just your base input tokens. And that's just your base input tokens. That's not taking into account um you That's not taking into account um you That's not taking into account um you know, like the the the the massive know, like the the the the massive know, like the the the the massive difference in also output token cost and

[54:59] difference in also output token cost and difference in also output token cost and so on and so forth. And obviously things so on and so forth. And obviously things so on and so forth. And obviously things get even better if you go down to Haiku get even better if you go down to Haiku get even better if you go down to Haiku and and so on and so forth. And so you and and so on and so forth. And so you and and so on and so forth. And so you can formalize this as a skill if you can formalize this as a skill if you can formalize this as a skill if you would like, okay? I'm not going to. I'm would like, okay? I'm not going to. I'm would like, okay? I'm not going to. I'm just going to feed it in a simple just going to feed it in a simple just going to feed it in a simple prompt, but um this will illustrate what prompt, but um this will illustrate what prompt, but um this will illustrate what I mean. Let's say I'm right over here in I mean. Let's say I'm right over here in I mean. Let's say I'm right over here in my project, okay? Let me just delete my project, okay? Let me just delete my project, okay? Let me just delete this um global cloud.md because we don't this um global cloud.md because we don't this um global cloud.md because we don't need that anymore. need that anymore. need that anymore. Then I'm going to essentially, let me Then I'm going to essentially, let me Then I'm going to essentially, let me just go back here and then copy the just go back here and then copy the just go back here and then copy the actual text. actual text. actual text. As I use a fan out As I use a fan out As I use a fan out fan in and researchers synthesizer fan in and researchers synthesizer fan in and researchers synthesizer approach

[55:30] approach approach to research the question to research the question to research the question how best should I optimize this how best should I optimize this how best should I optimize this codebase? Minimum five subagents, use codebase? Minimum five subagents, use codebase? Minimum five subagents, use Sonnet to do the research and Sonnet to do the research and Sonnet to do the research and contemplation. contemplation. contemplation. Individual contemplation, Opus to Individual contemplation, Opus to Individual contemplation, Opus to synthesize. synthesize. synthesize. So now, what's going to occur is rather So now, what's going to occur is rather So now, what's going to occur is rather than we us just waiting non-stop for all than we us just waiting non-stop for all than we us just waiting non-stop for all of these, what this is going to do is of these, what this is going to do is of these, what this is going to do is it'll fan out six Sonnet research it'll fan out six Sonnet research it'll fan out six Sonnet research agents. Each are going to investigate a agents. Each are going to investigate a agents. Each are going to investigate a slightly different optimization axis. slightly different optimization axis. slightly different optimization axis. They're all going to focus on slightly

[56:00] They're all going to focus on slightly They're all going to focus on slightly different things. Then they're going to different things. Then they're going to different things. Then they're going to synthesize all of those results back synthesize all of those results back synthesize all of those results back together with Opus. If I zoom out, you together with Opus. If I zoom out, you together with Opus. If I zoom out, you can actually see all six of them running can actually see all six of them running can actually see all six of them running simultaneously. D- despite the fact that simultaneously. D- despite the fact that simultaneously. D- despite the fact that we're not using this agent team feature, we're not using this agent team feature, we're not using this agent team feature, we're just using the sub agent feature we're just using the sub agent feature we're just using the sub agent feature right now. right now. right now. Uh you know, all of these things Uh you know, all of these things Uh you know, all of these things basically immediately are generated. basically immediately are generated. basically immediately are generated. Their contexts are quite short. So I Their contexts are quite short. So I Their contexts are quite short. So I mean, in the grand scheme of things, mean, in the grand scheme of things, mean, in the grand scheme of things, this is a much shorter context than we this is a much shorter context than we this is a much shorter context than we would ultimately accumulate in our main would ultimately accumulate in our main would ultimately accumulate in our main agent. All of them are focused on agent. All of them are focused on agent. All of them are focused on slightly different things, which are slightly different things, which are slightly different things, which are obviously autonomously managed by that obviously autonomously managed by that obviously autonomously managed by that orchestrator. And then finally, these orchestrator. And then finally, these orchestrator. And then finally, these six agents can finish in a linear amount six agents can finish in a linear amount six agents can finish in a linear amount of time as opposed to, you know, like

[56:30] of time as opposed to, you know, like of time as opposed to, you know, like multiple one. multiple one. multiple one. So this just finished the architecture So this just finished the architecture So this just finished the architecture research. It's going to wait for the research. It's going to wait for the research. It's going to wait for the remaining five agents now. All right, remaining five agents now. All right, remaining five agents now. All right, and it looks like it just finished all and it looks like it just finished all and it looks like it just finished all six research runs. So now it's going to six research runs. So now it's going to six research runs. So now it's going to synthesize all the findings with Opus. synthesize all the findings with Opus. synthesize all the findings with Opus. It's then going to also be able to take It's then going to also be able to take It's then going to also be able to take advantage of things like its planning advantage of things like its planning advantage of things like its planning features and so on and so forth before features and so on and so forth before features and so on and so forth before synthesizing. synthesizing. synthesizing. And here it is, okay? High impact easy And here it is, okay? High impact easy And here it is, okay? High impact easy fixes gives us a big list. It's also fixes gives us a big list. It's also fixes gives us a big list. It's also writing the high to medium impact easy writing the high to medium impact easy writing the high to medium impact easy to medium effort. And so, I mean, you to medium effort. And so, I mean, you to medium effort. And so, I mean, you know, obviously I'm not just pulling know, obviously I'm not just pulling know, obviously I'm not just pulling this out of my my ass here. Anthropic

[57:00] this out of my my ass here. Anthropic this out of my my ass here. Anthropic has done a lot of research on the best has done a lot of research on the best has done a lot of research on the best way to solve problems. And you know, way to solve problems. And you know, way to solve problems. And you know, Opus with a bunch of Sonnet sub agents Opus with a bunch of Sonnet sub agents Opus with a bunch of Sonnet sub agents massively outperforms Opus both on time, massively outperforms Opus both on time, massively outperforms Opus both on time, but then also quality. Specifically but then also quality. Specifically but then also quality. Specifically because of, you know, Sonnet's longer because of, you know, Sonnet's longer because of, you know, Sonnet's longer context window as well as just like context window as well as just like context window as well as just like general usability. general usability. general usability. That's what I care about. I just care That's what I care about. I just care That's what I care about. I just care about my own usability here. I could about my own usability here. I could about my own usability here. I could spend as much money as I want on these spend as much money as I want on these spend as much money as I want on these things at this point. What I care about things at this point. What I care about things at this point. What I care about is like, how can I extract the maximum is like, how can I extract the maximum is like, how can I extract the maximum quality with the minimum amount of time? quality with the minimum amount of time? quality with the minimum amount of time? And that's the design pattern that you And that's the design pattern that you And that's the design pattern that you want to use. So I mean, like use this want to use. So I mean, like use this want to use. So I mean, like use this anytime you're contemplating problems. anytime you're contemplating problems. anytime you're contemplating problems. And you don't just have to contemplate And you don't just have to contemplate And you don't just have to contemplate like specific API problems or

[57:31] like specific API problems or like specific API problems or development problems as well. Like I use development problems as well. Like I use development problems as well. Like I use stuff like this anytime I'm designing stuff like this anytime I'm designing stuff like this anytime I'm designing business systems, anytime I'm designing business systems, anytime I'm designing business systems, anytime I'm designing process optimizations. I mean, I did process optimizations. I mean, I did process optimizations. I mean, I did this the other day when I was doing this the other day when I was doing this the other day when I was doing product differentiation, basically product differentiation, basically product differentiation, basically coming up with different ways to price coming up with different ways to price coming up with different ways to price and package products for a company that and package products for a company that and package products for a company that I now own that does this sort of thing. I now own that does this sort of thing. I now own that does this sort of thing. The opportunities here are basically The opportunities here are basically The opportunities here are basically limitless. You do this for competitor limitless. You do this for competitor limitless. You do this for competitor research. You can do this for whatever research. You can do this for whatever research. You can do this for whatever the heck you want. the heck you want. the heck you want. And I I commonly apply it. Okay? So, And I I commonly apply it. Okay? So, And I I commonly apply it. Okay? So, that's fan out and fan in where you that's fan out and fan in where you that's fan out and fan in where you basically spawn and researchers, usually basically spawn and researchers, usually basically spawn and researchers, usually using a cheaper, dumber model like

[58:01] using a cheaper, dumber model like using a cheaper, dumber model like Sonnet. And then you have a a larger Sonnet. And then you have a a larger Sonnet. And then you have a a larger synthesizer model that actually combines synthesizer model that actually combines synthesizer model that actually combines the results. And that's how you get, you the results. And that's how you get, you the results. And that's how you get, you know, some of the best quality and then know, some of the best quality and then know, some of the best quality and then also the best quantity. Next, I want to also the best quantity. Next, I want to also the best quantity. Next, I want to chat debate and stochastic consensus chat debate and stochastic consensus chat debate and stochastic consensus because it's kind of simpler similar, because it's kind of simpler similar, because it's kind of simpler similar, but you know but you know but you know it's [clears throat] also a little bit it's [clears throat] also a little bit it's [clears throat] also a little bit different. I use debate and stochastic different. I use debate and stochastic different. I use debate and stochastic consensus to basically like hammer out consensus to basically like hammer out consensus to basically like hammer out nuanced arguments and nuanced quality nuanced arguments and nuanced quality nuanced arguments and nuanced quality discussions. You know earlier how I said discussions. You know earlier how I said discussions. You know earlier how I said we had one agent come up with ABC, we had one agent come up with ABC, we had one agent come up with ABC, another one come up with CDE, another another one come up with CDE, another another one come up with CDE, another one come up with like ABQ, and so on and

[58:32] one come up with like ABQ, and so on and one come up with like ABQ, and so on and so forth. Well, basically with so forth. Well, basically with so forth. Well, basically with stochastic consensus and then later stochastic consensus and then later stochastic consensus and then later debate, what we're doing is we're having debate, what we're doing is we're having debate, what we're doing is we're having different sub agents come up with different sub agents come up with different sub agents come up with different lists of solutions. different lists of solutions. different lists of solutions. And then we have something else go And then we have something else go And then we have something else go through, identify all of the mode through, identify all of the mode through, identify all of the mode identify the mode, which is the identify the mode, which is the identify the mode, which is the frequency of, you know, the the number frequency of, you know, the the number frequency of, you know, the the number of times that a solution pops up. So, of times that a solution pops up. So, of times that a solution pops up. So, let's say solution A pops up twice. let's say solution A pops up twice. let's say solution A pops up twice. Okay, this synthesizer agent would say Okay, this synthesizer agent would say Okay, this synthesizer agent would say okay, there's two A's. okay, there's two A's. okay, there's two A's. B pops up twice, so we go two B.

[59:05] B pops up twice, so we go two B. B pops up twice, so we go two B. C pops up twice, so we go two C. C pops up twice, so we go two C. C pops up twice, so we go two C. D pops up how many times? D pops up how many times? D pops up how many times? One, so we go D. One, so we go D. One, so we go D. Then counts E, then also counts Q. And Then counts E, then also counts Q. And Then counts E, then also counts Q. And so in this way you could see so in this way you could see so in this way you could see statistically speaking, you know, a lot statistically speaking, you know, a lot statistically speaking, you know, a lot of agents think these three are great of agents think these three are great of agents think these three are great solutions. One agent thought this was a solutions. One agent thought this was a solutions. One agent thought this was a good solution. Another agent thought good solution. Another agent thought good solution. Another agent thought this was a good solution. And finally, this was a good solution. And finally, this was a good solution. And finally, another agent thought this was a good another agent thought this was a good another agent thought this was a good solution. Basically, the votes of solution. Basically, the votes of solution. Basically, the votes of confidence here are fewer. And then what confidence here are fewer. And then what confidence here are fewer. And then what you can do is you could use this is you can do is you could use this is you can do is you could use this is almost like almost like almost like like a weighted average to tell you what

[59:35] like a weighted average to tell you what like a weighted average to tell you what approach to take. You know, if it's like approach to take. You know, if it's like approach to take. You know, if it's like an equation where like my final I don't an equation where like my final I don't an equation where like my final I don't know decision which will just say know decision which will just say know decision which will just say decision is kind of like this it would decision is kind of like this it would decision is kind of like this it would equal 2A + 2B + 2C + D + E + Q. I know equal 2A + 2B + 2C + D + E + Q. I know equal 2A + 2B + 2C + D + E + Q. I know this is math but don't get scared here. this is math but don't get scared here. this is math but don't get scared here. The point is not to actually calculate The point is not to actually calculate The point is not to actually calculate the final solution. The reality that I'm the final solution. The reality that I'm the final solution. The reality that I'm attempting to convey to you is that attempting to convey to you is that attempting to convey to you is that because so many models came up with A, because so many models came up with A, because so many models came up with A, so many other models came up with E and so many other models came up with E and so many other models came up with E and B and Q and so on and so forth. B and Q and so on and so forth. B and Q and so on and so forth. You can quickly determine consensus

[1:00:06] You can quickly determine consensus You can quickly determine consensus between a number of agents that come up between a number of agents that come up between a number of agents that come up with ideas. And then you can also with ideas. And then you can also with ideas. And then you can also determine which ideas are genuine determine which ideas are genuine determine which ideas are genuine outliers in so far that you know only outliers in so far that you know only outliers in so far that you know only one out of three models actually came up one out of three models actually came up one out of three models actually came up with this thing. One out of 24 models with this thing. One out of 24 models with this thing. One out of 24 models suggested you should do X Y and Z thing. suggested you should do X Y and Z thing. suggested you should do X Y and Z thing. And so you get to farm both like the And so you get to farm both like the And so you get to farm both like the statistically most likely answers to statistically most likely answers to statistically most likely answers to solutions but also like the massive solutions but also like the massive solutions but also like the massive outliers which can make you quite outliers which can make you quite outliers which can make you quite I want to say competent at solving I want to say competent at solving I want to say competent at solving problems in a very short period of time. problems in a very short period of time. problems in a very short period of time. And this works in a really similar way And this works in a really similar way And this works in a really similar way to what I talked about earlier with like

[1:00:37] to what I talked about earlier with like to what I talked about earlier with like the total solution space, right? You the total solution space, right? You the total solution space, right? You know, if there are really a fixed number know, if there are really a fixed number know, if there are really a fixed number of ways to solve something and the of ways to solve something and the of ways to solve something and the reality is there are a fixed number of reality is there are a fixed number of reality is there are a fixed number of ways to solve something and there also a ways to solve something and there also a ways to solve something and there also a certain number of ways not to solve certain number of ways not to solve certain number of ways not to solve something. Well, what you want to do is something. Well, what you want to do is something. Well, what you want to do is you just want to like cover that ground you just want to like cover that ground you just want to like cover that ground as quickly as possible. And in reality as quickly as possible. And in reality as quickly as possible. And in reality what you could do is you could quickly what you could do is you could quickly what you could do is you could quickly spin up an agent to do all of the figure spin up an agent to do all of the figure spin up an agent to do all of the figure out all the ways not to do something, out all the ways not to do something, out all the ways not to do something, okay? And then you could have you know okay? And then you could have you know okay? And then you could have you know one sub agent slowly figuring out no one sub agent slowly figuring out no one sub agent slowly figuring out no this doesn't work. No this doesn't work. this doesn't work. No this doesn't work. this doesn't work. No this doesn't work. No this doesn't work all simultaneously. No this doesn't work all simultaneously. No this doesn't work all simultaneously. And then what you're end what you end up

[1:01:07] And then what you're end what you end up And then what you're end what you end up with is you just end up with like this with is you just end up with like this with is you just end up with like this beautiful field of like highly beautiful field of like highly beautiful field of like highly differentiated green which tells you differentiated green which tells you differentiated green which tells you what you can actually do. what you can actually do. what you can actually do. And I understand this is more conceptual And I understand this is more conceptual And I understand this is more conceptual but just bear with me here. I'll show but just bear with me here. I'll show but just bear with me here. I'll show you guys an actual example in a moment. you guys an actual example in a moment. you guys an actual example in a moment. Now stochastic consensus is cool it's Now stochastic consensus is cool it's Now stochastic consensus is cool it's sort of like a first go but debate is sort of like a first go but debate is sort of like a first go but debate is even cooler because now what you do is even cooler because now what you do is even cooler because now what you do is you basically take all of these points, you basically take all of these points, you basically take all of these points, okay, and then you feed them into an okay, and then you feed them into an okay, and then you feed them into an open like conversation or chat room open like conversation or chat room open like conversation or chat room where all other models can weigh in on where all other models can weigh in on where all other models can weigh in on solutions that might not actually be solutions that might not actually be solutions that might not actually be very obvious. So now, okay, if I just

[1:01:37] very obvious. So now, okay, if I just very obvious. So now, okay, if I just recreate the solution, we have agent one recreate the solution, we have agent one recreate the solution, we have agent one come up with ABC, agent two come up with come up with ABC, agent two come up with come up with ABC, agent two come up with BC, I don't know, let's just say E, BC, I don't know, let's just say E, BC, I don't know, let's just say E, agent three come up with ABQ. agent three come up with ABQ. agent three come up with ABQ. Okay? What we do is we divide this into Okay? What we do is we divide this into Okay? What we do is we divide this into time steps. And so this is time one, time steps. And so this is time one, time steps. And so this is time one, this is time two, this is time three, this is time two, this is time three, this is time two, this is time three, and this is time four. and this is time four. and this is time four. What we do at every time step is we What we do at every time step is we What we do at every time step is we allow all other agents to look at all of allow all other agents to look at all of allow all other agents to look at all of the uh conversations and and all the the uh conversations and and all the the uh conversations and and all the thoughts that all the other agents have thoughts that all the other agents have thoughts that all the other agents have had, okay? And what occurs as we move had, okay? And what occurs as we move had, okay? And what occurs as we move through is agent one gets to see agent

[1:02:09] through is agent one gets to see agent through is agent one gets to see agent two and agent three's responses. And so two and agent three's responses. And so two and agent three's responses. And so it gets to differentiate. Maybe now it it gets to differentiate. Maybe now it it gets to differentiate. Maybe now it goes ABC E Z, because it can comes up goes ABC E Z, because it can comes up goes ABC E Z, because it can comes up with some additional solution by with some additional solution by with some additional solution by comparing its to, you know, two and comparing its to, you know, two and comparing its to, you know, two and three. Maybe this one comes up with with three. Maybe this one comes up with with three. Maybe this one comes up with with BC, but then it eliminates E because it BC, but then it eliminates E because it BC, but then it eliminates E because it just doesn't think that made too much just doesn't think that made too much just doesn't think that made too much sense, and then it comes up with an F. sense, and then it comes up with an F. sense, and then it comes up with an F. You know, this one comes up with with uh You know, this one comes up with with uh You know, this one comes up with with uh I don't know, two different letters, and I don't know, two different letters, and I don't know, two different letters, and then ends up uh you know, also then ends up uh you know, also then ends up uh you know, also identifying some of the previous identifying some of the previous identifying some of the previous solutions, but then combining them in solutions, but then combining them in solutions, but then combining them in new ways and stuff like that to come up new ways and stuff like that to come up new ways and stuff like that to come up with better ones. with better ones. with better ones. And so what we do with the debate is And so what we do with the debate is And so what we do with the debate is it's not really a debate in the

[1:02:39] it's not really a debate in the it's not really a debate in the practical sense. It's not like, "Hey, practical sense. It's not like, "Hey, practical sense. It's not like, "Hey, your job is to try and convince other your job is to try and convince other your job is to try and convince other people why A, B, and C are the best people why A, B, and C are the best people why A, B, and C are the best solutions." solutions." solutions." What it is is every model has access to What it is is every model has access to What it is is every model has access to all of the other models. And so because all of the other models. And so because all of the other models. And so because they have access to all of the other they have access to all of the other they have access to all of the other models, and they don't have to spend all models, and they don't have to spend all models, and they don't have to spend all the time reasoning, they can just see the time reasoning, they can just see the time reasoning, they can just see the results, they can then incorporate the results, they can then incorporate the results, they can then incorporate those and come up with increasingly those and come up with increasingly those and come up with increasingly nuanced uh solutions and you know, nuanced uh solutions and you know, nuanced uh solutions and you know, ultimately span a large search space in ultimately span a large search space in ultimately span a large search space in a very short period of time. And so we a very short period of time. And so we a very short period of time. And so we can just proceed with this all the way can just proceed with this all the way can just proceed with this all the way down. You can run as many of these like down. You can run as many of these like down. You can run as many of these like steps as you as you want until steps as you as you want until steps as you as you want until ultimately you have like a list of ultimately you have like a list of ultimately you have like a list of solutions provided by a bunch of

[1:03:10] solutions provided by a bunch of solutions provided by a bunch of different models that are just way more different models that are just way more different models that are just way more complex, way more nuanced, and also just complex, way more nuanced, and also just complex, way more nuanced, and also just like way more interesting than the like way more interesting than the like way more interesting than the initial ones that, you know, one agent initial ones that, you know, one agent initial ones that, you know, one agent might have come up with. All right, so might have come up with. All right, so might have come up with. All right, so I'm back in my business workspace here I'm back in my business workspace here I'm back in my business workspace here and uh we're still doing research on and uh we're still doing research on and uh we're still doing research on tomatillos, but I thought this is tomatillos, but I thought this is tomatillos, but I thought this is actually a pretty good example. Why actually a pretty good example. Why actually a pretty good example. Why don't we use stochastic multi-agent don't we use stochastic multi-agent don't we use stochastic multi-agent consensus to come up with all of the consensus to come up with all of the consensus to come up with all of the different ways you can make a sauce different ways you can make a sauce different ways you can make a sauce using a tomatillo? Use stochastic using a tomatillo? Use stochastic using a tomatillo? Use stochastic multi-agent consensus to determine all multi-agent consensus to determine all multi-agent consensus to determine all of the different ways that you could of the different ways that you could of the different ways that you could make a nice-tasting sauce using make a nice-tasting sauce using make a nice-tasting sauce using tomatillos. I want every agent to come tomatillos. I want every agent to come tomatillos. I want every agent to come up with at least 10 independent

[1:03:40] up with at least 10 independent up with at least 10 independent responses, then have them synthesized responses, then have them synthesized responses, then have them synthesized and turned into just a giant list of all and turned into just a giant list of all and turned into just a giant list of all of the possible things you could do. of the possible things you could do. of the possible things you could do. So, what this skill, stochastic So, what this skill, stochastic So, what this skill, stochastic multi-agent consensus, does, if I open multi-agent consensus, does, if I open multi-agent consensus, does, if I open it up, is basically it breaks down a it up, is basically it breaks down a it up, is basically it breaks down a query into n other queries, that's where query into n other queries, that's where query into n other queries, that's where it says "spawn n agents", with the same it says "spawn n agents", with the same it says "spawn n agents", with the same or a slightly different prompt to or a slightly different prompt to or a slightly different prompt to independently analyze a problem, then independently analyze a problem, then independently analyze a problem, then aggregate results by consensus, which aggregate results by consensus, which aggregate results by consensus, which you use for decision-making, ranking you use for decision-making, ranking you use for decision-making, ranking options, strategic analysis, or any options, strategic analysis, or any options, strategic analysis, or any problem where you want to filter

[1:04:10] problem where you want to filter problem where you want to filter hallucinations, and then surface what hallucinations, and then surface what hallucinations, and then surface what are called high-variance ideas. are called high-variance ideas. are called high-variance ideas. So, anytime I use the word consensus, So, anytime I use the word consensus, So, anytime I use the word consensus, poll agents, stochastic consensus, spawn poll agents, stochastic consensus, spawn poll agents, stochastic consensus, spawn n agents, so on and so on and so forth, n agents, so on and so on and so forth, n agents, so on and so on and so forth, it'll go and it'll it'll do the thing. it'll go and it'll it'll do the thing. it'll go and it'll it'll do the thing. So, just scrolling down here, you can So, just scrolling down here, you can So, just scrolling down here, you can see that it read through the skill and see that it read through the skill and see that it read through the skill and it spawned 10 agents all looking at it spawned 10 agents all looking at it spawned 10 agents all looking at slightly different angles here. slightly different angles here. slightly different angles here. And, you know, these are very similar And, you know, these are very similar And, you know, these are very similar prompts. prompts. prompts. Brainstorm all the different ways you Brainstorm all the different ways you Brainstorm all the different ways you can make a nice-tasting sauce using can make a nice-tasting sauce using can make a nice-tasting sauce using tomatillos. This one's here, brainstorm tomatillos. This one's here, brainstorm tomatillos. This one's here, brainstorm all the different ways you can make a all the different ways you can make a all the different ways you can make a nice-tasting sauce using tomatillos. nice-tasting sauce using tomatillos. nice-tasting sauce using tomatillos. This one here, brainstorm all the

[1:04:40] This one here, brainstorm all the This one here, brainstorm all the different ways you can make a different ways you can make a different ways you can make a nice-tasting sauce using tomatillos. nice-tasting sauce using tomatillos. nice-tasting sauce using tomatillos. But, the idea is, you know, one is a But, the idea is, you know, one is a But, the idea is, you know, one is a conservative tradition-minded chef, the conservative tradition-minded chef, the conservative tradition-minded chef, the other is an adventurous boundary-pushing other is an adventurous boundary-pushing other is an adventurous boundary-pushing chef, the other challenges conventional chef, the other challenges conventional chef, the other challenges conventional wisdom, the other reasons from first wisdom, the other reasons from first wisdom, the other reasons from first principles, and so on and so on and so principles, and so on and so on and so principles, and so on and so on and so forth. forth. forth. Now, because, you know, this is a pretty Now, because, you know, this is a pretty Now, because, you know, this is a pretty simple and not very intellectually simple and not very intellectually simple and not very intellectually difficult exercise, all 10 agents have difficult exercise, all 10 agents have difficult exercise, all 10 agents have actually already already finished. And, actually already already finished. And, actually already already finished. And, you can see that I was able to scan a you can see that I was able to scan a you can see that I was able to scan a massive search space in a very short massive search space in a very short massive search space in a very short period of time, despite the fact that period of time, despite the fact that period of time, despite the fact that this problem was pretty simple. So, what this problem was pretty simple. So, what this problem was pretty simple. So, what it's doing is similar to what I showed it's doing is similar to what I showed it's doing is similar to what I showed you earlier with those n researchers and you earlier with those n researchers and you earlier with those n researchers and then having some sort of synthesizer

[1:05:11] then having some sort of synthesizer then having some sort of synthesizer model, what this is now going to do is model, what this is now going to do is model, what this is now going to do is indeed duplicate the outputs and then indeed duplicate the outputs and then indeed duplicate the outputs and then give me a list of pretty nuanced answers give me a list of pretty nuanced answers give me a list of pretty nuanced answers that realistically scanned most of the that realistically scanned most of the that realistically scanned most of the search space in a very short period of search space in a very short period of search space in a very short period of time. I'm sure you can imagine you could time. I'm sure you can imagine you could time. I'm sure you can imagine you could scale this up if you had like some sort scale this up if you had like some sort scale this up if you had like some sort of dedicated infrastructure, whether of dedicated infrastructure, whether of dedicated infrastructure, whether it's a local model or something like it's a local model or something like it's a local model or something like that. You could theoretically have stuff that. You could theoretically have stuff that. You could theoretically have stuff like this running all the time just like this running all the time just like this running all the time just ideating and coming up with new ideating and coming up with new ideating and coming up with new approaches to solve on long-standing approaches to solve on long-standing approaches to solve on long-standing problems. And this is actually the exact problems. And this is actually the exact problems. And this is actually the exact way that I don't know if you guys have way that I don't know if you guys have way that I don't know if you guys have seen, seen, seen, uh you know, they're throwing Opus now uh you know, they're throwing Opus now uh you know, they're throwing Opus now or GPT 4. or GPT or other models at like

[1:05:42] or GPT 4. or GPT or other models at like or GPT 4. or GPT or other models at like these big math questions and asking them these big math questions and asking them these big math questions and asking them to solve them. This is exactly how to solve them. This is exactly how to solve them. This is exactly how they're doing them all under the hood. they're doing them all under the hood. they're doing them all under the hood. So, as you guys could see, we've pulled So, as you guys could see, we've pulled So, as you guys could see, we've pulled 10 agents. There are 119 raw ideas. 10 agents. There are 119 raw ideas. 10 agents. There are 119 raw ideas. Counting for duplication, there 52 in Counting for duplication, there 52 in Counting for duplication, there 52 in total that are new. So, what we're going total that are new. So, what we're going total that are new. So, what we're going to do is we're actually going to look at to do is we're actually going to look at to do is we're actually going to look at this consensus report and then this consensus report and then this consensus report and then ultimately its answers. All right, we ultimately its answers. All right, we ultimately its answers. All right, we have the consensus report. Opening it up have the consensus report. Opening it up have the consensus report. Opening it up here, you can see there are 52 total. here, you can see there are 52 total. here, you can see there are 52 total. The first is salsa verde, cruda. The The first is salsa verde, cruda. The The first is salsa verde, cruda. The next is tomatillo avocado crema. The next is tomatillo avocado crema. The next is tomatillo avocado crema. The third is agua chile verde and so on and third is agua chile verde and so on and third is agua chile verde and so on and so on and so forth. I could work my way so on and so forth. I could work my way so on and so forth. I could work my way all the way down here. A bunch of

[1:06:13] all the way down here. A bunch of all the way down here. A bunch of different types. You know, I could have different types. You know, I could have different types. You know, I could have had one agent come up with all of these. had one agent come up with all of these. had one agent come up with all of these. I could, okay? But uh the probability I could, okay? But uh the probability I could, okay? But uh the probability that it would have been able to one come that it would have been able to one come that it would have been able to one come up with like a highly differentiated up with like a highly differentiated up with like a highly differentiated list like this and two scan as much of list like this and two scan as much of list like this and two scan as much of that search space in the same amount of that search space in the same amount of that search space in the same amount of time is very low. And so, I'm sure you time is very low. And so, I'm sure you time is very low. And so, I'm sure you can imagine you can apply this to any can imagine you can apply this to any can imagine you can apply this to any business problem that you guys are business problem that you guys are business problem that you guys are currently having to just come up with a currently having to just come up with a currently having to just come up with a bunch of low-hanging fruit solutions as bunch of low-hanging fruit solutions as bunch of low-hanging fruit solutions as well as like unique and and and outlier well as like unique and and and outlier well as like unique and and and outlier solutions as well. We even have like solutions as well. We even have like solutions as well. We even have like Indian-influenced sauces, Indian-influenced sauces, Indian-influenced sauces, Persian-influenced sauces, Persian-influenced sauces, Persian-influenced sauces, Caribbean-Latin fusion sauces and so on Caribbean-Latin fusion sauces and so on Caribbean-Latin fusion sauces and so on and so forth. An outlier that I'm and so forth. An outlier that I'm and so forth. An outlier that I'm definitely not trying anytime soon is

[1:06:44] definitely not trying anytime soon is definitely not trying anytime soon is tomatillo beurre blanc, which is French tomatillo beurre blanc, which is French tomatillo beurre blanc, which is French butter sauce using tomatillo's pectin as butter sauce using tomatillo's pectin as butter sauce using tomatillo's pectin as a natural emulsifier. No, thank you. So, a natural emulsifier. No, thank you. So, a natural emulsifier. No, thank you. So, what would debate look like? Debate is what would debate look like? Debate is what would debate look like? Debate is more or less the exact same idea. Um in more or less the exact same idea. Um in more or less the exact same idea. Um in my case, I just turned this into a my case, I just turned this into a my case, I just turned this into a skill. It's called model-chat. skill. It's called model-chat. skill. It's called model-chat. Basically, what occurs is we spawn five Basically, what occurs is we spawn five Basically, what occurs is we spawn five cloud instances in a shared conversation cloud instances in a shared conversation cloud instances in a shared conversation room where they debate, disagree, and room where they debate, disagree, and room where they debate, disagree, and converge on solutions. We use converge on solutions. We use converge on solutions. We use round-robin turns with parallel round-robin turns with parallel round-robin turns with parallel execution within each round that execution within each round that execution within each round that triggers on terms like chat and so on triggers on terms like chat and so on triggers on terms like chat and so on and so forth. So, what I'm going to do and so forth. So, what I'm going to do and so forth. So, what I'm going to do here is I'll say, "Great, this looks here is I'll say, "Great, this looks here is I'll say, "Great, this looks awesome. I'd like you to rerun this, but

[1:07:14] awesome. I'd like you to rerun this, but awesome. I'd like you to rerun this, but with model-chat. Make sure at least 10 with model-chat. Make sure at least 10 with model-chat. Make sure at least 10 agents are having conversations about agents are having conversations about agents are having conversations about this, and then uh you know, if any of this, and then uh you know, if any of this, and then uh you know, if any of the sauces just sound insane or terrible the sauces just sound insane or terrible the sauces just sound insane or terrible or crazy, then obviously have them or crazy, then obviously have them or crazy, then obviously have them discuss that as well." Just like our discuss that as well." Just like our discuss that as well." Just like our stochastic multi-agent consensus took stochastic multi-agent consensus took stochastic multi-agent consensus took advantage of like time, basically, and advantage of like time, basically, and advantage of like time, basically, and traded it off against total tokens, traded it off against total tokens, traded it off against total tokens, we're doing the same thing. So, what we're doing the same thing. So, what we're doing the same thing. So, what we're going to do is we're going to we're going to do is we're going to we're going to do is we're going to start by extracting from the user's start by extracting from the user's start by extracting from the user's message from the user's message the message from the user's message the message from the user's message the topic or problem, the mode, the number topic or problem, the mode, the number topic or problem, the mode, the number of agents, and the number of rounds. of agents, and the number of rounds. of agents, and the number of rounds. It's then going to run an actual script It's then going to run an actual script It's then going to run an actual script that I've set up here that's automates that I've set up here that's automates that I've set up here that's automates the process of like having each of the

[1:07:45] the process of like having each of the the process of like having each of the agents look at each of the other agents' agents look at each of the other agents' agents look at each of the other agents' responses before finally doing a responses before finally doing a responses before finally doing a synthesis. Speaking of which, I just synthesis. Speaking of which, I just synthesis. Speaking of which, I just read through a couple of those, and I'm read through a couple of those, and I'm read through a couple of those, and I'm actually just going to make some actually just going to make some actually just going to make some tomatillo sauce right now, so I'll be tomatillo sauce right now, so I'll be tomatillo sauce right now, so I'll be right back. Okay, so me looking at the right back. Okay, so me looking at the right back. Okay, so me looking at the conversation over here, just asking it conversation over here, just asking it conversation over here, just asking it to like give it to me. to like give it to me. to like give it to me. You actually see that all the agents are You actually see that all the agents are You actually see that all the agents are doing some thinking, and the contrarian doing some thinking, and the contrarian doing some thinking, and the contrarian is starting with 15 ideas. It'll is starting with 15 ideas. It'll is starting with 15 ideas. It'll immediately challenge the ideas that immediately challenge the ideas that immediately challenge the ideas that deserve it. They're now listing their deserve it. They're now listing their deserve it. They're now listing their disagreements. So, does this actually disagreements. So, does this actually disagreements. So, does this actually work? Is it a structurally sound work? Is it a structurally sound work? Is it a structurally sound technique or a restaurant stunt with an

[1:08:15] technique or a restaurant stunt with an technique or a restaurant stunt with an unacceptable failure rate? Is tamarind unacceptable failure rate? Is tamarind unacceptable failure rate? Is tamarind redundant or complementary? You know, redundant or complementary? You know, redundant or complementary? You know, does tomatillo chocolate belong on the does tomatillo chocolate belong on the does tomatillo chocolate belong on the list? If so, where? Should mole verde be list? If so, where? Should mole verde be list? If so, where? Should mole verde be in tier one or tier two? So, they're in tier one or tier two? So, they're in tier one or tier two? So, they're having discussions on an ongoing basis, having discussions on an ongoing basis, having discussions on an ongoing basis, which is always really fun to watch that which is always really fun to watch that which is always really fun to watch that we can monitor and then obviously we can monitor and then obviously we can monitor and then obviously synthesize into an answer. Okay, and synthesize into an answer. Okay, and synthesize into an answer. Okay, and then finally we have the tomatillo then finally we have the tomatillo then finally we have the tomatillo synthesis over here. Um tomatillo's synthesis over here. Um tomatillo's synthesis over here. Um tomatillo's pectin content is under appreciated. pectin content is under appreciated. pectin content is under appreciated. Tomatillo husk tea, unfortunately, is Tomatillo husk tea, unfortunately, is Tomatillo husk tea, unfortunately, is not cool. The foundational tier is

[1:08:45] not cool. The foundational tier is not cool. The foundational tier is settled and non-negotiable. And then I settled and non-negotiable. And then I settled and non-negotiable. And then I actually look at the foundational tier, actually look at the foundational tier, actually look at the foundational tier, you can see we actually have a bunch of you can see we actually have a bunch of you can see we actually have a bunch of different highly recommended sauces. different highly recommended sauces. different highly recommended sauces. Again, some of these are very like Again, some of these are very like Again, some of these are very like nuanced. Lacto-fermented tomatillo hot nuanced. Lacto-fermented tomatillo hot nuanced. Lacto-fermented tomatillo hot sauce, Takis squeeze bottle drizzle, sauce, Takis squeeze bottle drizzle, sauce, Takis squeeze bottle drizzle, enchilada sauce, tomatillo aguachile, enchilada sauce, tomatillo aguachile, enchilada sauce, tomatillo aguachile, and so on and so on and so forth. and so on and so on and so forth. and so on and so on and so forth. And you know, I this is just a really And you know, I this is just a really And you know, I this is just a really shitty example, but hopefully you guys shitty example, but hopefully you guys shitty example, but hopefully you guys understand that you can take this to understand that you can take this to understand that you can take this to more or less anything that you want. more or less anything that you want. more or less anything that you want. Whether it's, you know, designing a new Whether it's, you know, designing a new Whether it's, you know, designing a new computer programming approach to a computer programming approach to a computer programming approach to a particular problem, whether it's particular problem, whether it's particular problem, whether it's choosing the right framework to approach choosing the right framework to approach choosing the right framework to approach a or tackle a task with or something

[1:09:17] a or tackle a task with or something a or tackle a task with or something else. Okay, so I just did all of the else. Okay, so I just did all of the else. Okay, so I just did all of the previous example using a pretty previous example using a pretty previous example using a pretty straightforward, you know, like dietary straightforward, you know, like dietary straightforward, you know, like dietary or chef sort of example. But now I want or chef sort of example. But now I want or chef sort of example. But now I want to use this on an actual app and really to use this on an actual app and really to use this on an actual app and really just have all of these different models just have all of these different models just have all of these different models discussing things and doing so in a very discussing things and doing so in a very discussing things and doing so in a very short period of time. What I have here short period of time. What I have here short period of time. What I have here is I have like an algorithmic art is I have like an algorithmic art is I have like an algorithmic art example. And this is actually something example. And this is actually something example. And this is actually something that Claude developed. It's part of that Claude developed. It's part of that Claude developed. It's part of their algorithmic art base skill, which their algorithmic art base skill, which their algorithmic art base skill, which I think is actually like applied or I think is actually like applied or I think is actually like applied or supplied, I should say, in supplied, I should say, in supplied, I should say, in the Anthropic Anthropic skill directory.

[1:09:47] the Anthropic Anthropic skill directory. the Anthropic Anthropic skill directory. You can adjust some things like the the You can adjust some things like the the You can adjust some things like the the stroke weight and like the damping and stroke weight and like the damping and stroke weight and like the damping and so on and so forth and actually have it so on and so forth and actually have it so on and so forth and actually have it like come out with very unique designs. like come out with very unique designs. like come out with very unique designs. You can then just like save the image You can then just like save the image You can then just like save the image and then boom, now you have like a cool and then boom, now you have like a cool and then boom, now you have like a cool like wallpaper or something like that. like wallpaper or something like that. like wallpaper or something like that. It's kind of neat. But I want to I want It's kind of neat. But I want to I want It's kind of neat. But I want to I want to improve this as much as humanly to improve this as much as humanly to improve this as much as humanly possible. And the reason I'm doing it possible. And the reason I'm doing it possible. And the reason I'm doing it like this is because I also want to show like this is because I also want to show like this is because I also want to show you guys how to apply the same you guys how to apply the same you guys how to apply the same approaches that I just showed you to approaches that I just showed you to approaches that I just showed you to agent teams instead, which are obviously agent teams instead, which are obviously agent teams instead, which are obviously a much more streamlined version of doing a much more streamlined version of doing a much more streamlined version of doing the exact same things that I've done so the exact same things that I've done so the exact same things that I've done so far. It's just streamlined in the sense far. It's just streamlined in the sense far. It's just streamlined in the sense that, you know, it is built out of the that, you know, it is built out of the that, you know, it is built out of the box to do everything, but it does so at

[1:10:18] box to do everything, but it does so at box to do everything, but it does so at the cost of some tokens. So I'm just the cost of some tokens. So I'm just the cost of some tokens. So I'm just going to go back over here and then I'm going to go back over here and then I'm going to go back over here and then I'm just going to look at just going to look at just going to look at synaptic-drift.html synaptic-drift.html synaptic-drift.html within art. I just need to make sure to, within art. I just need to make sure to, within art. I just need to make sure to, you know, remember what folder that's you know, remember what folder that's you know, remember what folder that's in. Then I'm just going to open up in. Then I'm just going to open up in. Then I'm just going to open up another Claude instance. Now, a lot of another Claude instance. Now, a lot of another Claude instance. Now, a lot of the advanced stuff, as we know, is the advanced stuff, as we know, is the advanced stuff, as we know, is actually only available in the terminal actually only available in the terminal actually only available in the terminal and I think agent teams are a lot better and I think agent teams are a lot better and I think agent teams are a lot better managed in the terminal. So I'm just managed in the terminal. So I'm just managed in the terminal. So I'm just going to open up the terminal. going to open up the terminal. going to open up the terminal. I'm going to full screen it here as I'm going to full screen it here as I'm going to full screen it here as well. Let me delete that and then go well. Let me delete that and then go well. Let me delete that and then go full screen. full screen. full screen. And you know, I could do it in here. I And you know, I could do it in here. I And you know, I could do it in here. I could also do it in like ghost TTY, could also do it in like ghost TTY, could also do it in like ghost TTY, which is probably my favorite like which is probably my favorite like which is probably my favorite like terminal to use within Claude, but for

[1:10:49] terminal to use within Claude, but for terminal to use within Claude, but for now, you know, I I have my agent teams now, you know, I I have my agent teams now, you know, I I have my agent teams idea. So I'm I'm basically now going to idea. So I'm I'm basically now going to idea. So I'm I'm basically now going to say, "Hey, I'd like you to optimize say, "Hey, I'd like you to optimize say, "Hey, I'd like you to optimize synaptic-drift.html synaptic-drift.html synaptic-drift.html and turn it into a full-fledged and turn it into a full-fledged and turn it into a full-fledged application. However, rather than just application. However, rather than just application. However, rather than just do this all naively yourself, I want you do this all naively yourself, I want you do this all naively yourself, I want you to take advantage of stochastic to take advantage of stochastic to take advantage of stochastic multi-agent consensus. I want you to multi-agent consensus. I want you to multi-agent consensus. I want you to take that skill and then apply it using take that skill and then apply it using take that skill and then apply it using the agent teams feature. the agent teams feature. the agent teams feature. You'll orchestrate a team of agents that You'll orchestrate a team of agents that You'll orchestrate a team of agents that do all of this stuff. Don't just use do all of this stuff. Don't just use do all of this stuff. Don't just use what's in the skill itself because what's in the skill itself because what's in the skill itself because that'd be running it a little too that'd be running it a little too that'd be running it a little too simply. I actually want you to to read

[1:11:19] simply. I actually want you to to read simply. I actually want you to to read through the whole skill and then use through the whole skill and then use through the whole skill and then use that to spawn agent teams. Okay, so it's that to spawn agent teams. Okay, so it's that to spawn agent teams. Okay, so it's going to start by reading the skill def going to start by reading the skill def going to start by reading the skill def and then the HTML file itself, which and then the HTML file itself, which and then the HTML file itself, which it's found in art. It's then going to go it's found in art. It's then going to go it's found in art. It's then going to go and read through the agent teams tooling and read through the agent teams tooling and read through the agent teams tooling and everything that it needs in order to and everything that it needs in order to and everything that it needs in order to basically spin this up easy. basically spin this up easy. basically spin this up easy. So, it'll start by creating a team for So, it'll start by creating a team for So, it'll start by creating a team for the consensus workflow. the consensus workflow. the consensus workflow. Spawning 10 analyst agents with Spawning 10 analyst agents with Spawning 10 analyst agents with different framings, then finally different framings, then finally different framings, then finally aggregating their recommendations and aggregating their recommendations and aggregating their recommendations and implementing the winning features. implementing the winning features. implementing the winning features. So, the very first thing it's going to So, the very first thing it's going to So, the very first thing it's going to do is spawn the analyst agents. And you do is spawn the analyst agents. And you do is spawn the analyst agents. And you can see now the UX has changed a little can see now the UX has changed a little can see now the UX has changed a little bit. See down at the bottom where I have

[1:11:49] bit. See down at the bottom where I have bit. See down at the bottom where I have these different analysts that are these different analysts that are these different analysts that are running? So, if I go shift down, I can running? So, if I go shift down, I can running? So, if I go shift down, I can actually see all of their different actually see all of their different actually see all of their different stochastic multi-agent um kind of stochastic multi-agent um kind of stochastic multi-agent um kind of consensus threads. consensus threads. consensus threads. So, now they're all spawning and running So, now they're all spawning and running So, now they're all spawning and running in parallel, which is pretty neat. At in parallel, which is pretty neat. At in parallel, which is pretty neat. At any point in time, I could press enter any point in time, I could press enter any point in time, I could press enter to view sort of the conversations and to view sort of the conversations and to view sort of the conversations and and what they're doing. And I should say and what they're doing. And I should say and what they're doing. And I should say I I should note that um I I should note that um I I should note that um you know, the stochastic multi-agent you know, the stochastic multi-agent you know, the stochastic multi-agent consensus applied to agent teams is consensus applied to agent teams is consensus applied to agent teams is basically just the debate built in basically just the debate built in basically just the debate built in because the agents actually can because the agents actually can because the agents actually can communicate. Um the team lead can also communicate. Um the team lead can also communicate. Um the team lead can also orchestrate that communication, too. So, orchestrate that communication, too. So, orchestrate that communication, too. So, you know, it's not actually um really

[1:12:19] you know, it's not actually um really you know, it's not actually um really independent, which is neat. independent, which is neat. independent, which is neat. Uh you could spawn all of these in like Uh you could spawn all of these in like Uh you could spawn all of these in like different windows if you want to. You different windows if you want to. You different windows if you want to. You can also just con- continuously hold can also just con- continuously hold can also just con- continuously hold shift and then go up and down to select. shift and then go up and down to select. shift and then go up and down to select. What I'm doing is I'm just reading What I'm doing is I'm just reading What I'm doing is I'm just reading through a bunch of different threads and through a bunch of different threads and through a bunch of different threads and conversations. And it's clear they all conversations. And it's clear they all conversations. And it's clear they all start by just reading through start by just reading through start by just reading through synaptic-drift.html. synaptic-drift.html. synaptic-drift.html. Um finally, uh you know, this is now Um finally, uh you know, this is now Um finally, uh you know, this is now returning a bunch of returning a bunch of returning a bunch of agent conclusions back. And more agent conclusions back. And more agent conclusions back. And more importantly, it's also coming up with importantly, it's also coming up with importantly, it's also coming up with consensus, which is nice. All right, consensus, which is nice. All right, consensus, which is nice. All right, what it's going to do is just take all what it's going to do is just take all what it's going to do is just take all these now and close them down while also these now and close them down while also these now and close them down while also um looking at the consensus, the bugs,

[1:12:51] um looking at the consensus, the bugs, um looking at the consensus, the bugs, the divergence, and then ultimately the divergence, and then ultimately the divergence, and then ultimately outliers. outliers. outliers. So, the consensus recommendation of our So, the consensus recommendation of our So, the consensus recommendation of our next feature is high-res exports, a next feature is high-res exports, a next feature is high-res exports, a preset system, URL state and shareable preset system, URL state and shareable preset system, URL state and shareable links. The bugs are the race condition links. The bugs are the race condition links. The bugs are the race condition and regenerate, download saves and regenerate, download saves and regenerate, download saves mid-render, PG height not checked. mid-render, PG height not checked. mid-render, PG height not checked. Uh divergence is one or sorry, six out Uh divergence is one or sorry, six out Uh divergence is one or sorry, six out of 10 agents suggest debounce of 10 agents suggest debounce of 10 agents suggest debounce regeneration versus a live preview. regeneration versus a live preview. regeneration versus a live preview. Then the outliers have also come in, Then the outliers have also come in, Then the outliers have also come in, mobile responsive layout, live animation mobile responsive layout, live animation mobile responsive layout, live animation mode, seed history, web worker offload, mode, seed history, web worker offload, mode, seed history, web worker offload, mouse attractor, repeller, and kill

[1:13:21] mouse attractor, repeller, and kill mouse attractor, repeller, and kill sidebar overlay. So, this is all really sidebar overlay. So, this is all really sidebar overlay. So, this is all really cool. You can see now it's coming up. cool. You can see now it's coming up. cool. You can see now it's coming up. It's actually just deleting my uh old It's actually just deleting my uh old It's actually just deleting my uh old tomatillo stuff. I guess we happen to be tomatillo stuff. I guess we happen to be tomatillo stuff. I guess we happen to be using the same file or something. using the same file or something. using the same file or something. Instead, it's coming up with this giant Instead, it's coming up with this giant Instead, it's coming up with this giant list of different conditions and list of different conditions and list of different conditions and features that it can build. Okay, now features that it can build. Okay, now features that it can build. Okay, now it's actually shutting down all the it's actually shutting down all the it's actually shutting down all the agents, implementing it. Um just because agents, implementing it. Um just because agents, implementing it. Um just because I want this to do so faster, I'll say I want this to do so faster, I'll say I want this to do so faster, I'll say use agent teams to do the use agent teams to do the use agent teams to do the implementation. And you can see it's implementation. And you can see it's implementation. And you can see it's actually gone through here and then um actually gone through here and then um actually gone through here and then um added all of what we needed in order to added all of what we needed in order to added all of what we needed in order to implement the tool the features that the implement the tool the features that the implement the tool the features that the model suggested. In addition, it's also model suggested. In addition, it's also model suggested. In addition, it's also spawning review agents to see if we can

[1:13:52] spawning review agents to see if we can spawning review agents to see if we can improve the quality of the generated improve the quality of the generated improve the quality of the generated code, spot problems, and stuff like code, spot problems, and stuff like code, spot problems, and stuff like that. that. that. So, if I go shift down, I can see all So, if I go shift down, I can see all So, if I go shift down, I can see all those. So, we have now reviewer bugs, those. So, we have now reviewer bugs, those. So, we have now reviewer bugs, reviewer features. Let's just see what reviewer features. Let's just see what reviewer features. Let's just see what reviewer bug says. Okay, it's now reviewer bug says. Okay, it's now reviewer bug says. Okay, it's now sending the review to the team lead, so sending the review to the team lead, so sending the review to the team lead, so it's communicating that back, taking a it's communicating that back, taking a it's communicating that back, taking a look at what the reviewer is saying. Now look at what the reviewer is saying. Now look at what the reviewer is saying. Now that it's opening it up, you can see we that it's opening it up, you can see we that it's opening it up, you can see we now have a ton more features. We have now have a ton more features. We have now have a ton more features. We have different presets, so ocean drift, ember different presets, so ocean drift, ember different presets, so ocean drift, ember storm, ink wash, neon plasma, neural storm, ink wash, neon plasma, neural storm, ink wash, neon plasma, neural fire. fire. fire. With the ability to modify colors, we With the ability to modify colors, we With the ability to modify colors, we have 1x, 2x, and then 4x downloads,

[1:14:22] have 1x, 2x, and then 4x downloads, have 1x, 2x, and then 4x downloads, which I don't think you guys could see which I don't think you guys could see which I don't think you guys could see because my face is in the way. But if because my face is in the way. But if because my face is in the way. But if you just um you just um you just um look down over here, you see there's look down over here, you see there's look down over here, you see there's significantly more functionality. Um we significantly more functionality. Um we significantly more functionality. Um we can download a PNG at 4x as well. can download a PNG at 4x as well. can download a PNG at 4x as well. We have simple like space bars to reload We have simple like space bars to reload We have simple like space bars to reload and change things. We could change the and change things. We could change the and change things. We could change the the speed and so on and so forth. Um the speed and so on and so forth. Um the speed and so on and so forth. Um ultimately, this is just a better app, ultimately, this is just a better app, ultimately, this is just a better app, right? And so, we did this by basically right? And so, we did this by basically right? And so, we did this by basically just exchanging a couple of my dollars just exchanging a couple of my dollars just exchanging a couple of my dollars and tokens and tokens and tokens for, you know, a bunch of different for, you know, a bunch of different for, you know, a bunch of different agents all coming up with their own agents all coming up with their own agents all coming up with their own ideas and then ultimately executing on ideas and then ultimately executing on ideas and then ultimately executing on them. Hopefully, you guys could see you them. Hopefully, you guys could see you them. Hopefully, you guys could see you can apply the same approach to more or

[1:14:52] can apply the same approach to more or can apply the same approach to more or less anything. There are obviously less anything. There are obviously less anything. There are obviously optimal token tradeoffs, but um when you optimal token tradeoffs, but um when you optimal token tradeoffs, but um when you spawn the sub agents that are a little spawn the sub agents that are a little spawn the sub agents that are a little bit less capable, um like Sonnet versus bit less capable, um like Sonnet versus bit less capable, um like Sonnet versus Opus, typically that math works out and Opus, typically that math works out and Opus, typically that math works out and you end up being able to do just as much you end up being able to do just as much you end up being able to do just as much if not more in a shorter amount of time if not more in a shorter amount of time if not more in a shorter amount of time for less money. All right, and then for less money. All right, and then for less money. All right, and then finally, pipeline, which is sequential finally, pipeline, which is sequential finally, pipeline, which is sequential handoff between specialists. I mean, I handoff between specialists. I mean, I handoff between specialists. I mean, I just showed you guys a little bit of just showed you guys a little bit of just showed you guys a little bit of that earlier with um agent teams sort of that earlier with um agent teams sort of that earlier with um agent teams sort of spawning review bugs and stuff like spawning review bugs and stuff like spawning review bugs and stuff like that. But basically, that's more or less that. But basically, that's more or less that. But basically, that's more or less it. You have task A done by some agent, it. You have task A done by some agent, it. You have task A done by some agent, which is specialized for task A. You which is specialized for task A. You which is specialized for task A. You then pass that off to agent B, which is

[1:15:23] then pass that off to agent B, which is then pass that off to agent B, which is specialized for task B, and then specialized for task B, and then specialized for task B, and then ultimately, agent C, which is ultimately, agent C, which is ultimately, agent C, which is specialized for for task C. And so, I specialized for for task C. And so, I specialized for for task C. And so, I mean, like you could just have A do all mean, like you could just have A do all mean, like you could just have A do all three of these things. The issue with three of these things. The issue with three of these things. The issue with having A do all three of these things having A do all three of these things having A do all three of these things though is one, um if you guys remember though is one, um if you guys remember though is one, um if you guys remember earlier, good lord, this is getting a earlier, good lord, this is getting a earlier, good lord, this is getting a little messy. You know, we're no longer little messy. You know, we're no longer little messy. You know, we're no longer in the zone of good because odds are it in the zone of good because odds are it in the zone of good because odds are it has like tons of context from literally has like tons of context from literally has like tons of context from literally everything that it's done before. So, everything that it's done before. So, everything that it's done before. So, you know, like it would have started off you know, like it would have started off you know, like it would have started off over here, and that would have been over here, and that would have been over here, and that would have been okay, but now it's over here, and then okay, but now it's over here, and then okay, but now it's over here, and then now it's over here. now it's over here. now it's over here. And then two, like you you And then two, like you you And then two, like you you sometimes

[1:15:54] sometimes sometimes fast and and and good development is fast and and and good development is fast and and and good development is often at odds with like really in-depth often at odds with like really in-depth often at odds with like really in-depth testing, let's say. And so, if you think testing, let's say. And so, if you think testing, let's say. And so, if you think about it conceptually, like a a about it conceptually, like a a about it conceptually, like a a developer agent will have different developer agent will have different developer agent will have different incentives than like a testing agent. incentives than like a testing agent. incentives than like a testing agent. The developer agent will be incentivized The developer agent will be incentivized The developer agent will be incentivized to like build things that works really to like build things that works really to like build things that works really quickly using, you know, whatever is quickly using, you know, whatever is quickly using, you know, whatever is available to it. Whereas the testing available to it. Whereas the testing available to it. Whereas the testing agent will be incentivized to try and agent will be incentivized to try and agent will be incentivized to try and like spot all of the issues. And so, like spot all of the issues. And so, like spot all of the issues. And so, like building things new is sort of at like building things new is sort of at like building things new is sort of at odds with like repairing the old things. odds with like repairing the old things. odds with like repairing the old things. And in that way, if you try and have one And in that way, if you try and have one And in that way, if you try and have one agent do everything, the probability

[1:16:25] agent do everything, the probability agent do everything, the probability that it will be able to do it as well as that it will be able to do it as well as that it will be able to do it as well as possible versus if you just spun up possible versus if you just spun up possible versus if you just spun up specialized agents that were like highly specialized agents that were like highly specialized agents that were like highly tuned for that thing, tuned for that thing, tuned for that thing, assuming their intelligences are all assuming their intelligences are all assuming their intelligences are all held equal here. I'm talking about like held equal here. I'm talking about like held equal here. I'm talking about like nonstop Opus calls, not Opus Sonnet, and nonstop Opus calls, not Opus Sonnet, and nonstop Opus calls, not Opus Sonnet, and so on and so forth. so on and so forth. so on and so forth. As is is definitely different. So, my As is is definitely different. So, my As is is definitely different. So, my recommendation would be, you know, like recommendation would be, you know, like recommendation would be, you know, like what I would do is I'd have like a dev what I would do is I'd have like a dev what I would do is I'd have like a dev agent for A like I just did. Then I'd agent for A like I just did. Then I'd agent for A like I just did. Then I'd have some form of like bug fix for B. have some form of like bug fix for B. have some form of like bug fix for B. Then I'd have some sort of like test, Then I'd have some sort of like test, Then I'd have some sort of like test, maybe bug and Q&amp;A. And I'm not going to maybe bug and Q&amp;A. And I'm not going to maybe bug and Q&amp;A. And I'm not going to redo that example because one, I want to redo that example because one, I want to redo that example because one, I want to be respectful of your time, but two, I

[1:16:55] be respectful of your time, but two, I be respectful of your time, but two, I just showed you that exactly with the just showed you that exactly with the just showed you that exactly with the agent teams example. agent teams example. agent teams example. Um I guess the meta example here is you Um I guess the meta example here is you Um I guess the meta example here is you combine all three of these and then um combine all three of these and then um combine all three of these and then um just have all of them interacting just have all of them interacting just have all of them interacting constantly for best results. Like you constantly for best results. Like you constantly for best results. Like you have, you know, debate and stochastic have, you know, debate and stochastic have, you know, debate and stochastic consensus to come up with like the best consensus to come up with like the best consensus to come up with like the best ways to you know, improve on a product. ways to you know, improve on a product. ways to you know, improve on a product. Then maybe you do some fan out fan in Then maybe you do some fan out fan in Then maybe you do some fan out fan in and researchers to go look at like and researchers to go look at like and researchers to go look at like different APIs and different design different APIs and different design different APIs and different design patterns that you could use to fulfill patterns that you could use to fulfill patterns that you could use to fulfill that before finally handing that off to that before finally handing that off to that before finally handing that off to some sort of like bug reviewer, QA, or some sort of like bug reviewer, QA, or some sort of like bug reviewer, QA, or tester. Uh but hopefully it's clear that tester. Uh but hopefully it's clear that tester. Uh but hopefully it's clear that yeah, all of these things do not exist

[1:17:25] yeah, all of these things do not exist yeah, all of these things do not exist in isolation. Uh they all exist in isolation. Uh they all exist in isolation. Uh they all exist together. together. together. Next, let's talk context management, Next, let's talk context management, Next, let's talk context management, which put really simply is just all of which put really simply is just all of which put really simply is just all of the files and folders and organizational the files and folders and organizational the files and folders and organizational methods that you put into a workspace to methods that you put into a workspace to methods that you put into a workspace to allow Claude code to effectively manage allow Claude code to effectively manage allow Claude code to effectively manage whatever work you have. whatever work you have. whatever work you have. Now, I'm seeing a lot of people try and Now, I'm seeing a lot of people try and Now, I'm seeing a lot of people try and delegate work right now, sort of like delegate work right now, sort of like delegate work right now, sort of like human companies do with CEOs, you know, human companies do with CEOs, you know, human companies do with CEOs, you know, CTOs, CMOs,

[1:17:55] CTOs, CMOs, CTOs, CMOs, uh Claude coder agents, and software uh Claude coder agents, and software uh Claude coder agents, and software engineers, and stuff like that. engineers, and stuff like that. engineers, and stuff like that. And I think initially when I looked at And I think initially when I looked at And I think initially when I looked at this, this one's called paper clip this, this one's called paper clip this, this one's called paper clip specifically, it's got a pretty specifically, it's got a pretty specifically, it's got a pretty interesting repo that you can check out interesting repo that you can check out interesting repo that you can check out right over here. It's all about running right over here. It's all about running right over here. It's all about running your whole business with our agent team. your whole business with our agent team. your whole business with our agent team. I think initially it's really easy to I think initially it's really easy to I think initially it's really easy to look at these and be like, "Hey, this is look at these and be like, "Hey, this is look at these and be like, "Hey, this is stupid." You know, I mean, that's that's stupid." You know, I mean, that's that's stupid." You know, I mean, that's that's what I did. I uh made a couple of videos what I did. I uh made a couple of videos what I did. I uh made a couple of videos and I talked uh ad nauseam with a couple and I talked uh ad nauseam with a couple and I talked uh ad nauseam with a couple of my friends and I was like, "This is of my friends and I was like, "This is of my friends and I was like, "This is dumb. Why would we try and fit agents, dumb. Why would we try and fit agents, dumb. Why would we try and fit agents, which think very differently than human which think very differently than human which think very differently than human beings, into the exact same beings, into the exact same beings, into the exact same organizational hierarchies we've been organizational hierarchies we've been organizational hierarchies we've been using for the last 150 years?" Just

[1:18:25] using for the last 150 years?" Just using for the last 150 years?" Just doesn't make sense. Human brains are doesn't make sense. Human brains are doesn't make sense. Human brains are different than agent brains. The latter different than agent brains. The latter different than agent brains. The latter is obviously a lot more spiky and good is obviously a lot more spiky and good is obviously a lot more spiky and good at certain things while sucking at at certain things while sucking at at certain things while sucking at others. others. others. But anyway, so as as quick as I was to But anyway, so as as quick as I was to But anyway, so as as quick as I was to initially dismiss this idea, what What initially dismiss this idea, what What initially dismiss this idea, what What come to realize is that subagents, as come to realize is that subagents, as come to realize is that subagents, as these org charts these org charts these org charts and skill.md files, which as we know are and skill.md files, which as we know are and skill.md files, which as we know are self-contained SOPs that exist within a self-contained SOPs that exist within a self-contained SOPs that exist within a file, capitalize as skill.md. file, capitalize as skill.md. file, capitalize as skill.md. These are actually just two flavors of These are actually just two flavors of These are actually just two flavors of the exact same thing. the exact same thing. the exact same thing. What they are is they're just different What they are is they're just different What they are is they're just different ways of organizing your markdown files.

[1:18:56] ways of organizing your markdown files. ways of organizing your markdown files. And so, just like in my case, we ran a And so, just like in my case, we ran a And so, just like in my case, we ran a model-chat skill earlier for me to show model-chat skill earlier for me to show model-chat skill earlier for me to show you guys how, you know, models debated you guys how, you know, models debated you guys how, you know, models debated and stuff like that, okay? We had a and stuff like that, okay? We had a and stuff like that, okay? We had a skill.md within it that stored a bunch skill.md within it that stored a bunch skill.md within it that stored a bunch of information that was like of information that was like of information that was like hyper-specific to that skill. We had hyper-specific to that skill. We had hyper-specific to that skill. We had model-chat.py, model-chat.py, model-chat.py, which was a tool that the skill could which was a tool that the skill could which was a tool that the skill could use. use. use. So too are subagents organized in So too are subagents organized in So too are subagents organized in basically the same way. I guess what I'm basically the same way. I guess what I'm basically the same way. I guess what I'm trying to say is like, okay, if we take trying to say is like, okay, if we take trying to say is like, okay, if we take subagents on the left-hand side, what subagents on the left-hand side, what subagents on the left-hand side, what was one of the main reasons why we like was one of the main reasons why we like was one of the main reasons why we like using subagents, okay? It's because it's using subagents, okay? It's because it's using subagents, okay? It's because it's a clear or fresh

[1:19:28] a clear or fresh a clear or fresh context window, right? context window, right? context window, right? All right, awesome. So, that's one. All right, awesome. So, that's one. All right, awesome. So, that's one. How about the fact that it's How about the fact that it's How about the fact that it's specialized? specialized? specialized? Awesome, that's another. Awesome, that's another. Awesome, that's another. How about the fact that the subagent is How about the fact that the subagent is How about the fact that the subagent is probably more reliable at subagent probably more reliable at subagent probably more reliable at subagent specific tasks? Right, that's another specific tasks? Right, that's another specific tasks? Right, that's another one. And then how about the fact that one. And then how about the fact that one. And then how about the fact that it's written in, you know, markdown it's written in, you know, markdown it's written in, you know, markdown format format format with tool use? with tool use? with tool use? Well, fantastic, that's another one. If Well, fantastic, that's another one. If Well, fantastic, that's another one. If we look at like how that equates to we look at like how that equates to we look at like how that equates to skills, honestly, the only thing that's skills, honestly, the only thing that's skills, honestly, the only thing that's missing is the fact that the context missing is the fact that the context missing is the fact that the context window is not entirely clear or fresh.

[1:20:00] window is not entirely clear or fresh. window is not entirely clear or fresh. But, you know, what you can do with But, you know, what you can do with But, you know, what you can do with these these these is because skills are so efficiently is because skills are so efficiently is because skills are so efficiently written, um they're basically a form of written, um they're basically a form of written, um they're basically a form of compression that pushes you towards a compression that pushes you towards a compression that pushes you towards a shorter context window anyway. shorter context window anyway. shorter context window anyway. So, basically, the only real difference, So, basically, the only real difference, So, basically, the only real difference, if I'm honest, and keep in mind like if I'm honest, and keep in mind like if I'm honest, and keep in mind like when you instantiate a subagent, you're when you instantiate a subagent, you're when you instantiate a subagent, you're giving it, you know, a a little prompt, giving it, you know, a a little prompt, giving it, you know, a a little prompt, right? Kind of similar to the way a right? Kind of similar to the way a right? Kind of similar to the way a skill works. The only real difference skill works. The only real difference skill works. The only real difference between the two is just the amount of between the two is just the amount of between the two is just the amount of context in the subagent versus the context in the subagent versus the context in the subagent versus the skill. But, I want you guys to know that skill. But, I want you guys to know that skill. But, I want you guys to know that subagents are honestly basically skills, subagents are honestly basically skills, subagents are honestly basically skills, and skills are basically subagents. and skills are basically subagents. and skills are basically subagents. They're just slightly different ways of

[1:20:30] They're just slightly different ways of They're just slightly different ways of storing information. storing information. storing information. So, why am I bringing this up? Um just So, why am I bringing this up? Um just So, why am I bringing this up? Um just because I'm coming to realize that the because I'm coming to realize that the because I'm coming to realize that the two are the two are very similar and two are the two are very similar and two are the two are very similar and they're soon I'm sure in the future they're soon I'm sure in the future they're soon I'm sure in the future going to be like merged even more so going to be like merged even more so going to be like merged even more so into a similar concept. Um all these two into a similar concept. Um all these two into a similar concept. Um all these two point at are just different ways of point at are just different ways of point at are just different ways of organizing your contacts and basically organizing your contacts and basically organizing your contacts and basically organizing the way that you you get organizing the way that you you get organizing the way that you you get tasks done. One delegates via CEO to tasks done. One delegates via CEO to tasks done. One delegates via CEO to CTO, CMO, CTO, all all this stuff, CTO, CMO, CTO, all all this stuff, CTO, CMO, CTO, all all this stuff, right? I don't know why there's two CTOs right? I don't know why there's two CTOs right? I don't know why there's two CTOs now that I'm looking at. That's kind of now that I'm looking at. That's kind of now that I'm looking at. That's kind of weird. Whereas the other one stores weird. Whereas the other one stores weird. Whereas the other one stores things in a skill done in me. Like just things in a skill done in me. Like just things in a skill done in me. Like just going back to anti-gravity right over going back to anti-gravity right over going back to anti-gravity right over here, right? Like I can go to the skills

[1:21:01] here, right? Like I can go to the skills here, right? Like I can go to the skills folder and then I could go and find that folder and then I could go and find that folder and then I could go and find that model-chat. And I mean like the way that model-chat. And I mean like the way that model-chat. And I mean like the way that this is written is basically the exact this is written is basically the exact this is written is basically the exact same um you know, schema basically that same um you know, schema basically that same um you know, schema basically that a subagent is written in. You know, if I a subagent is written in. You know, if I a subagent is written in. You know, if I go over here to Claude Code's actual go over here to Claude Code's actual go over here to Claude Code's actual documentation page on subagents, I mean documentation page on subagents, I mean documentation page on subagents, I mean you actually have basically the exact you actually have basically the exact you actually have basically the exact same structure. See how here it says the same structure. See how here it says the same structure. See how here it says the title code reviewer, description, title code reviewer, description, title code reviewer, description, prompt, tools, model, okay? You see over prompt, tools, model, okay? You see over prompt, tools, model, okay? You see over here, what do we have? We have the name, here, what do we have? We have the name, here, what do we have? We have the name, okay? We have a description and then we okay? We have a description and then we okay? We have a description and then we also have the tools. I mean like the also have the tools. I mean like the also have the tools. I mean like the model is sort of baked in here because model is sort of baked in here because model is sort of baked in here because it's in our main thread. It's going to it's in our main thread. It's going to it's in our main thread. It's going to be Opus 4.6. But you guys are seeing

[1:21:32] be Opus 4.6. But you guys are seeing be Opus 4.6. But you guys are seeing like skills and subagents are actually like skills and subagents are actually like skills and subagents are actually really similar. They're just slightly really similar. They're just slightly really similar. They're just slightly different ways of organizing different ways of organizing different ways of organizing information. information. information. So, I'm making this big point because I So, I'm making this big point because I So, I'm making this big point because I think that's important to realize as we think that's important to realize as we think that's important to realize as we continue moving forward with Claude Code continue moving forward with Claude Code continue moving forward with Claude Code and other tools and we get more and more and other tools and we get more and more and other tools and we get more and more advanced with them. Um the shapes of how advanced with them. Um the shapes of how advanced with them. Um the shapes of how we're transmitting information to our we're transmitting information to our we're transmitting information to our models will likely end up being quite models will likely end up being quite models will likely end up being quite quite similar. Whether one person quite similar. Whether one person quite similar. Whether one person decides to use a paperclip style big decides to use a paperclip style big decides to use a paperclip style big fleet of agents that does XYZ, which fleet of agents that does XYZ, which fleet of agents that does XYZ, which maybe you know, just a couple of months maybe you know, just a couple of months maybe you know, just a couple of months ago I might have looked at, scoffed and ago I might have looked at, scoffed and ago I might have looked at, scoffed and said like, "Well, that doesn't do said like, "Well, that doesn't do said like, "Well, that doesn't do anything." Um you know, so too are anything." Um you know, so too are anything." Um you know, so too are skills basically the the same thing. So,

[1:22:02] skills basically the the same thing. So, skills basically the the same thing. So, the model intelligence is growing more the model intelligence is growing more the model intelligence is growing more and more and more capable within the and more and more capable within the and more and more capable within the harness, which is what allows the the harness, which is what allows the the harness, which is what allows the the development of these really interesting development of these really interesting development of these really interesting organizational hierarchies. So, what are organizational hierarchies. So, what are organizational hierarchies. So, what are some of these organizational some of these organizational some of these organizational hierarchies? Well, I've already shown hierarchies? Well, I've already shown hierarchies? Well, I've already shown you paperclip here. And the way that you paperclip here. And the way that you paperclip here. And the way that paperclip works or it's rather it's paperclip works or it's rather it's paperclip works or it's rather it's supposed to work is this is like a supposed to work is this is like a supposed to work is this is like a dashboard which um somebody develops dashboard which um somebody develops dashboard which um somebody develops that you know, I think just preys off of that you know, I think just preys off of that you know, I think just preys off of maybe prey isn't the right word, but it maybe prey isn't the right word, but it maybe prey isn't the right word, but it uses people's misunderstandings of how uses people's misunderstandings of how uses people's misunderstandings of how agents work um and equates them and agents work um and equates them and agents work um and equates them and anthropomorphizes them and makes them anthropomorphizes them and makes them anthropomorphizes them and makes them seem really similar to humans and then seem really similar to humans and then seem really similar to humans and then it puts us in front of you so that you it puts us in front of you so that you it puts us in front of you so that you feel like you're running a whole team. feel like you're running a whole team. feel like you're running a whole team. And so in this way clearly it's broken

[1:22:32] And so in this way clearly it's broken And so in this way clearly it's broken down by role, right? Whereas the average down by role, right? Whereas the average down by role, right? Whereas the average skill is not broken down by role, the skill is not broken down by role, the skill is not broken down by role, the average skill is broken down by average skill is broken down by average skill is broken down by function. function. function. Um also skills typically don't delegate Um also skills typically don't delegate Um also skills typically don't delegate to other skills. That's really the main to other skills. That's really the main to other skills. That's really the main difference. But paperclip isn't the only difference. But paperclip isn't the only difference. But paperclip isn't the only one that's like this. Here's another one that's like this. Here's another one that's like this. Here's another good example, company helm. This one good example, company helm. This one good example, company helm. This one over here is a very same similar sort of over here is a very same similar sort of over here is a very same similar sort of idea where you basically have an AI idea where you basically have an AI idea where you basically have an AI studio. Within the AI studio you define studio. Within the AI studio you define studio. Within the AI studio you define a bunch of different roles for your a bunch of different roles for your a bunch of different roles for your agents and so on and so forth and then agents and so on and so forth and then agents and so on and so forth and then that's ultimately what allows you to that's ultimately what allows you to that's ultimately what allows you to manage your projects. This instead of manage your projects. This instead of manage your projects. This instead of being left to right is obviously, you being left to right is obviously, you being left to right is obviously, you know, organized a little bit differently

[1:23:02] know, organized a little bit differently know, organized a little bit differently with a front-end builder, a QA runner with a front-end builder, a QA runner with a front-end builder, a QA runner and and so on and so forth. How about and and so on and so forth. How about and and so on and so forth. How about open goat, which is the AI autonomous open goat, which is the AI autonomous open goat, which is the AI autonomous organization of open claw agents? Again, organization of open claw agents? Again, organization of open claw agents? Again, you know, it's doing this with like CEO, you know, it's doing this with like CEO, you know, it's doing this with like CEO, head of sales, customer support based head of sales, customer support based head of sales, customer support based organization, which I don't really organization, which I don't really organization, which I don't really believe is ideal. I don't really think believe is ideal. I don't really think believe is ideal. I don't really think you should have this level of direct you should have this level of direct you should have this level of direct reports. I mean like think about a why. reports. I mean like think about a why. reports. I mean like think about a why. All of these could just be Opus 4.6. All of these could just be Opus 4.6. All of these could just be Opus 4.6. They could be way smarter. They could They could be way smarter. They could They could be way smarter. They could pull from some sort of shared context pull from some sort of shared context pull from some sort of shared context pool and I think you really wouldn't pool and I think you really wouldn't pool and I think you really wouldn't leave that much out. Uh but it is an leave that much out. Uh but it is an leave that much out. Uh but it is an interesting approach. interesting approach. interesting approach. This one over here is called the system, This one over here is called the system, This one over here is called the system, which is obviously using some sort of AI

[1:23:33] which is obviously using some sort of AI which is obviously using some sort of AI generated diagram here. But it's 26 generated diagram here. But it's 26 generated diagram here. But it's 26 specialized AI agents which we've specialized AI agents which we've specialized AI agents which we've thought about that do architecture, thought about that do architecture, thought about that do architecture, design, product development, release, design, product development, release, design, product development, release, operations, and so on and so forth. This operations, and so on and so forth. This operations, and so on and so forth. This one over here I think is called Gas one over here I think is called Gas one over here I think is called Gas Town, which is basically where you have Town, which is basically where you have Town, which is basically where you have a mayor, which is your AI coordinator, a a mayor, which is your AI coordinator, a a mayor, which is your AI coordinator, a bunch of different crew members, and bunch of different crew members, and bunch of different crew members, and then also polecats or worker agents. You then also polecats or worker agents. You then also polecats or worker agents. You guys may have heard of Crew AI. It's the guys may have heard of Crew AI. It's the guys may have heard of Crew AI. It's the same sort of idea. It's a fast and same sort of idea. It's a fast and same sort of idea. It's a fast and flexible multi-agent framework which flexible multi-agent framework which flexible multi-agent framework which supposedly delegates things. Okay, where supposedly delegates things. Okay, where supposedly delegates things. Okay, where you have crews that have different

[1:24:03] you have crews that have different you have crews that have different agents within them, each with their own agents within them, each with their own agents within them, each with their own segregated tool calling and stuff like segregated tool calling and stuff like segregated tool calling and stuff like that. You know, it's another way of that. You know, it's another way of that. You know, it's another way of organizing information. This one over organizing information. This one over organizing information. This one over here, Swarm Claw, is CEO based, here, Swarm Claw, is CEO based, here, Swarm Claw, is CEO based, developer, researcher, and again you developer, researcher, and again you developer, researcher, and again you have delegation. So all these are have delegation. So all these are have delegation. So all these are different attempts by different groups different attempts by different groups different attempts by different groups of people to try and determine like the of people to try and determine like the of people to try and determine like the best organizational hierarchy of agents. best organizational hierarchy of agents. best organizational hierarchy of agents. And I think pretty much all of them suck And I think pretty much all of them suck And I think pretty much all of them suck right now, to be clear. right now, to be clear. right now, to be clear. Um but I I just want you guys to know Um but I I just want you guys to know Um but I I just want you guys to know and level with me that these are just and level with me that these are just and level with me that these are just different ways of organizing different ways of organizing different ways of organizing information. Just like you have skills, information. Just like you have skills, information. Just like you have skills, and skills are highly, you know,

[1:24:33] and skills are highly, you know, and skills are highly, you know, specific to you, it's just a collection specific to you, it's just a collection specific to you, it's just a collection of markdown files with names, of markdown files with names, of markdown files with names, descriptions, allowed tools, and then descriptions, allowed tools, and then descriptions, allowed tools, and then like SOPs. Sub-agents are basically the like SOPs. Sub-agents are basically the like SOPs. Sub-agents are basically the exact same thing. So, as the field exact same thing. So, as the field exact same thing. So, as the field continues to mature and there are better continues to mature and there are better continues to mature and there are better and more novel context management and more novel context management and more novel context management strategies out there, um multi-agent strategies out there, um multi-agent strategies out there, um multi-agent orchestrators, essentially, uh you know, orchestrators, essentially, uh you know, orchestrators, essentially, uh you know, these things will grow more and more these things will grow more and more these things will grow more and more differentiated. Now, in terms of what I differentiated. Now, in terms of what I differentiated. Now, in terms of what I would consider to be actually valuable would consider to be actually valuable would consider to be actually valuable delegation, okay, there are two main delegation, okay, there are two main delegation, okay, there are two main design patterns. The first is the design patterns. The first is the design patterns. The first is the parent, researcher, and QA system, where parent, researcher, and QA system, where parent, researcher, and QA system, where essentially you have a parent model,

[1:25:04] essentially you have a parent model, essentially you have a parent model, which is usually a smart one, so this which is usually a smart one, so this which is usually a smart one, so this would probably be like your Opus model, would probably be like your Opus model, would probably be like your Opus model, that communicates with researchers, that communicates with researchers, that communicates with researchers, plural. This will be dumber models like plural. This will be dumber models like plural. This will be dumber models like Sonnet that typically do research better Sonnet that typically do research better Sonnet that typically do research better and more economically. And then some QA and more economically. And then some QA and more economically. And then some QA agents like Opus, which are basically agents like Opus, which are basically agents like Opus, which are basically just tuned to QA and nothing else. And just tuned to QA and nothing else. And just tuned to QA and nothing else. And the idea here is this is a good balance the idea here is this is a good balance the idea here is this is a good balance between like those super bloated org between like those super bloated org between like those super bloated org charts that we saw earlier, while still charts that we saw earlier, while still charts that we saw earlier, while still allowing each type of agent to do the allowing each type of agent to do the allowing each type of agent to do the things that it is inherently better than things that it is inherently better than things that it is inherently better than human beings at. The parent agent is human beings at. The parent agent is human beings at. The parent agent is obviously the orchestrator, anything obviously the orchestrator, anything obviously the orchestrator, anything that is up at the top you can always that is up at the top you can always that is up at the top you can always consider to be an orchestrator. And the

[1:25:35] consider to be an orchestrator. And the consider to be an orchestrator. And the way you have here is you have multiple, way you have here is you have multiple, way you have here is you have multiple, you know, Sonnet researchers. And this you know, Sonnet researchers. And this you know, Sonnet researchers. And this takes advantage of that fan out idea, takes advantage of that fan out idea, takes advantage of that fan out idea, okay, where when Opus needs something it okay, where when Opus needs something it okay, where when Opus needs something it doesn't just do the research itself cuz doesn't just do the research itself cuz doesn't just do the research itself cuz that'll pollute its context window. It that'll pollute its context window. It that'll pollute its context window. It goes, does a bunch of research, fits in goes, does a bunch of research, fits in goes, does a bunch of research, fits in quadrillions of tokens into the context quadrillions of tokens into the context quadrillions of tokens into the context windows of these Sonnet agents, then windows of these Sonnet agents, then windows of these Sonnet agents, then takes summaries of that, and then uses takes summaries of that, and then uses takes summaries of that, and then uses that to make decisions. And then that to make decisions. And then that to make decisions. And then basically the way that it works is, uh basically the way that it works is, uh basically the way that it works is, uh and I'm just going to sort of draw like and I'm just going to sort of draw like and I'm just going to sort of draw like the the the logic flow. Um Opus will the the the logic flow. Um Opus will the the the logic flow. Um Opus will decide to do something. It delegates decide to do something. It delegates decide to do something. It delegates down here, okay, that information comes down here, okay, that information comes down here, okay, that information comes back to Opus. Opus then builds something

[1:26:06] back to Opus. Opus then builds something back to Opus. Opus then builds something kind of on its own. After it's done kind of on its own. After it's done kind of on its own. After it's done building something, it goes and gives building something, it goes and gives building something, it goes and gives the uh product of its building over to the uh product of its building over to the uh product of its building over to the Q&amp;A agent. The Q&amp;A agent returns the Q&amp;A agent. The Q&amp;A agent returns the Q&amp;A agent. The Q&amp;A agent returns some changes that it suggested makes. some changes that it suggested makes. some changes that it suggested makes. Opus then goes through, makes those Opus then goes through, makes those Opus then goes through, makes those changes, again gives it to the QA agent, changes, again gives it to the QA agent, changes, again gives it to the QA agent, QA agent returns. This loop continues QA agent returns. This loop continues QA agent returns. This loop continues until basically everything is done. If until basically everything is done. If until basically everything is done. If there's research that's necessary, it'll there's research that's necessary, it'll there's research that's necessary, it'll go down, do some research here, and then go down, do some research here, and then go down, do some research here, and then continue develop, and then finally you continue develop, and then finally you continue develop, and then finally you have your whatever the the final product have your whatever the the final product have your whatever the the final product is that you're building, whether it's is that you're building, whether it's is that you're building, whether it's like a business system, a development like a business system, a development like a business system, a development system, or whatever. In this way, you're

[1:26:36] system, or whatever. In this way, you're system, or whatever. In this way, you're maximizing the incentives of each maximizing the incentives of each maximizing the incentives of each individual agent, while also allowing uh individual agent, while also allowing uh individual agent, while also allowing uh I want to say like the leanest possible I want to say like the leanest possible I want to say like the leanest possible setup that still recognizes that setup that still recognizes that setup that still recognizes that different things are better at different different things are better at different different things are better at different types of agents are better at different types of agents are better at different types of agents are better at different types of tasks. You know, we could make types of tasks. You know, we could make types of tasks. You know, we could make this bigger, of course. We could have this bigger, of course. We could have this bigger, of course. We could have like a testing agent. We could have like a testing agent. We could have like a testing agent. We could have a design agent. We could have a a design agent. We could have a a design agent. We could have a development agent. We could have a development agent. We could have a development agent. We could have a back-end agent. But, you know, the more back-end agent. But, you know, the more back-end agent. But, you know, the more complicated you get with the stuff, complicated you get with the stuff, complicated you get with the stuff, again, as mentioned, like typically the again, as mentioned, like typically the again, as mentioned, like typically the worst that it gets. If you want to go worst that it gets. If you want to go worst that it gets. If you want to go even leaner than that, then the second even leaner than that, then the second even leaner than that, then the second system is developer and QA, where you system is developer and QA, where you system is developer and QA, where you literally just have a smart parent, literally just have a smart parent, literally just have a smart parent, okay, and then you have a smart QA, and

[1:27:07] okay, and then you have a smart QA, and okay, and then you have a smart QA, and then you just go back and forth between then you just go back and forth between then you just go back and forth between the two. And what happens is every time the two. And what happens is every time the two. And what happens is every time that you want to test something, you that you want to test something, you that you want to test something, you sort of have like a Claude NMD or or or sort of have like a Claude NMD or or or sort of have like a Claude NMD or or or just like a prompt that's baked into just like a prompt that's baked into just like a prompt that's baked into your parent that legitimately says, your parent that legitimately says, your parent that legitimately says, "Hey, after you're done every "Hey, after you're done every "Hey, after you're done every development, run it through a new QA development, run it through a new QA development, run it through a new QA agent." The idea here is the QA has like agent." The idea here is the QA has like agent." The idea here is the QA has like literally no prompt other than, you literally no prompt other than, you literally no prompt other than, you know, "You're a QA agent with no know, "You're a QA agent with no know, "You're a QA agent with no context. Read this code and apply the context. Read this code and apply the context. Read this code and apply the following whatever like design following whatever like design following whatever like design principles to it." principles to it." principles to it." And basically what occurs is this QA And basically what occurs is this QA And basically what occurs is this QA agent, since it doesn't know what the agent, since it doesn't know what the agent, since it doesn't know what the heck the project is is on, um it's not

[1:27:38] heck the project is is on, um it's not heck the project is is on, um it's not going to be biased like the parent agent going to be biased like the parent agent going to be biased like the parent agent will be in the development of the will be in the development of the will be in the development of the feature. The parent agent will have feature. The parent agent will have feature. The parent agent will have feedback from the QA agent, and so it'll feedback from the QA agent, and so it'll feedback from the QA agent, and so it'll be able to incorporate it into its own be able to incorporate it into its own be able to incorporate it into its own thread and take advantage of all of the thread and take advantage of all of the thread and take advantage of all of the pre-existing list of failures and pre-existing list of failures and pre-existing list of failures and successes and things it's tried and so successes and things it's tried and so successes and things it's tried and so on and so forth. But, the QA agent is on and so forth. But, the QA agent is on and so forth. But, the QA agent is like new, and it's new spawned every like new, and it's new spawned every like new, and it's new spawned every time. And so, typically what'll work time. And so, typically what'll work time. And so, typically what'll work what the way it'll work is the parent what the way it'll work is the parent what the way it'll work is the parent agent will go and it'll develop a agent will go and it'll develop a agent will go and it'll develop a feature, and then at the end of the feature, and then at the end of the feature, and then at the end of the development there'll be um something in development there'll be um something in development there'll be um something in the Claude NMD or system prompt that the Claude NMD or system prompt that the Claude NMD or system prompt that says, "Okay, now that you're done, make says, "Okay, now that you're done, make says, "Okay, now that you're done, make sure to check it with the QA agent." So, sure to check it with the QA agent." So, sure to check it with the QA agent." So, we'll spawn a QA agent. The QA agent we'll spawn a QA agent. The QA agent we'll spawn a QA agent. The QA agent will then give feedback.

[1:28:09] will then give feedback. will then give feedback. Okay? The parent will design, feedback, Okay? The parent will design, feedback, Okay? The parent will design, feedback, the parent will design, feedback, the the parent will design, feedback, the the parent will design, feedback, the parent will design, no feedback because parent will design, no feedback because parent will design, no feedback because it's now good, parent's done. And so now it's now good, parent's done. And so now it's now good, parent's done. And so now we have the final product. we have the final product. we have the final product. Um obviously, you know, because it has Um obviously, you know, because it has Um obviously, you know, because it has to do its own research and stuff like to do its own research and stuff like to do its own research and stuff like that, I personally think this is not as that, I personally think this is not as that, I personally think this is not as ideal, but it is even simpler. And um ideal, but it is even simpler. And um ideal, but it is even simpler. And um keep in mind that there is always like a keep in mind that there is always like a keep in mind that there is always like a time cost every time you spin up a sub time cost every time you spin up a sub time cost every time you spin up a sub agent. It's a fixed time cost, but uh agent. It's a fixed time cost, but uh agent. It's a fixed time cost, but uh there's also some compound probabilities there's also some compound probabilities there's also some compound probabilities you're multiplying because, you know, you're multiplying because, you know, you're multiplying because, you know, you are having an agent delegate you are having an agent delegate you are having an agent delegate something to another agent. Basically, something to another agent. Basically, something to another agent. Basically, there's no human in the loop. The more there's no human in the loop. The more there's no human in the loop. The more independent steps that an agent has to

[1:28:40] independent steps that an agent has to independent steps that an agent has to do without a human being in the loop, do without a human being in the loop, do without a human being in the loop, the higher the probability that it will the higher the probability that it will the higher the probability that it will diverge from its sort of intended um diverge from its sort of intended um diverge from its sort of intended um goal or intended task. So, when your goal or intended task. So, when your goal or intended task. So, when your parent agent in the previous example parent agent in the previous example parent agent in the previous example generates, you know, a bunch of research generates, you know, a bunch of research generates, you know, a bunch of research queries to the, you know, uh queries to the, you know, uh queries to the, you know, uh uh a Sonnet sub agents and goes and does uh a Sonnet sub agents and goes and does uh a Sonnet sub agents and goes and does them, there's no guarantee that the them, there's no guarantee that the them, there's no guarantee that the research the Sonnet sub agents are doing research the Sonnet sub agents are doing research the Sonnet sub agents are doing is actually 100% faithful to what your is actually 100% faithful to what your is actually 100% faithful to what your initial query was. Every step along the initial query was. Every step along the initial query was. Every step along the chain that is further from you, chain that is further from you, chain that is further from you, typically the results and the quality is typically the results and the quality is typically the results and the quality is a little bit more diluted. So, yeah, I a little bit more diluted. So, yeah, I a little bit more diluted. So, yeah, I mean, like it'd be it'd be either one of mean, like it'd be it'd be either one of mean, like it'd be it'd be either one of these for me, developer Q&amp;A or some sort

[1:29:10] these for me, developer Q&amp;A or some sort these for me, developer Q&amp;A or some sort of parent researcher Q&amp;A. That'd of parent researcher Q&amp;A. That'd of parent researcher Q&amp;A. That'd basically be it though. Um personally, I basically be it though. Um personally, I basically be it though. Um personally, I find right now with all the org charts find right now with all the org charts find right now with all the org charts and stuff like that, we're just we're and stuff like that, we're just we're and stuff like that, we're just we're just coding a little bit too much. We just coding a little bit too much. We just coding a little bit too much. We definitely don't need uh I don't know definitely don't need uh I don't know definitely don't need uh I don't know 700 layers of CEOs and customer success 700 layers of CEOs and customer success 700 layers of CEOs and customer success agents and lead engineer agents and agents and lead engineer agents and agents and lead engineer agents and stuff like that. stuff like that. stuff like that. Now, I want to talk about something Now, I want to talk about something Now, I want to talk about something that's gotten a lot of attention that's gotten a lot of attention that's gotten a lot of attention recently and does genuinely have the recently and does genuinely have the recently and does genuinely have the potential to significantly improve many potential to significantly improve many potential to significantly improve many business and programming functions. It's business and programming functions. It's business and programming functions. It's called auto research. Essentially, what called auto research. Essentially, what called auto research. Essentially, what I have in front of me is I have a I have in front of me is I have a I have in front of me is I have a research lab that I've spun up to research lab that I've spun up to research lab that I've spun up to improve the load speed of one of my

[1:29:41] improve the load speed of one of my improve the load speed of one of my websites. websites. websites. Now, the way that you gauge whether or Now, the way that you gauge whether or Now, the way that you gauge whether or not a website is loading quickly is not a website is loading quickly is not a website is loading quickly is based off of uh three main metrics. The based off of uh three main metrics. The based off of uh three main metrics. The first is called LCP, least contentful first is called LCP, least contentful first is called LCP, least contentful paint, FCP, first contentful paint. Then paint, FCP, first contentful paint. Then paint, FCP, first contentful paint. Then there's TBT. I don't know what that there's TBT. I don't know what that there's TBT. I don't know what that stands for. And then finally, there's stands for. And then finally, there's stands for. And then finally, there's performance score. And so this is a performance score. And so this is a performance score. And so this is a standardized assessment called uh the standardized assessment called uh the standardized assessment called uh the Google Lighthouse score that you've Google Lighthouse score that you've Google Lighthouse score that you've probably seen before. And basically, it probably seen before. And basically, it probably seen before. And basically, it measures like, you know, when I type in measures like, you know, when I type in measures like, you know, when I type in uh 1 second copy and I press the enter uh 1 second copy and I press the enter uh 1 second copy and I press the enter button, how fast does literally button, how fast does literally button, how fast does literally everything on the page load?

[1:30:11] everything on the page load? everything on the page load? It also checks for very minor things It also checks for very minor things It also checks for very minor things like, you know, when I when I load this like, you know, when I when I load this like, you know, when I when I load this website, um does the content on the page website, um does the content on the page website, um does the content on the page shift around? So, my website here, shift around? So, my website here, shift around? So, my website here, leftclick.ai, is just one of many ones leftclick.ai, is just one of many ones leftclick.ai, is just one of many ones that I own, and essentially it's just a that I own, and essentially it's just a that I own, and essentially it's just a little bit too slow right now. And it's little bit too slow right now. And it's little bit too slow right now. And it's slow for a variety of reasons. We got slow for a variety of reasons. We got slow for a variety of reasons. We got this cool like glass isomorphism this cool like glass isomorphism this cool like glass isomorphism animation on the page, you know, there's animation on the page, you know, there's animation on the page, you know, there's like stuff moving around and lots of like stuff moving around and lots of like stuff moving around and lots of images of my team and and so on and so images of my team and and so on and so images of my team and and so on and so forth. So, um you know, what I've forth. So, um you know, what I've forth. So, um you know, what I've decided to do is I've decided to decided to do is I've decided to decided to do is I've decided to basically take all of the load off of me basically take all of the load off of me basically take all of the load off of me to make this website faster, and then

[1:30:41] to make this website faster, and then to make this website faster, and then just give it all to that fleet of AI just give it all to that fleet of AI just give it all to that fleet of AI agents to do so instead. agents to do so instead. agents to do so instead. Auto research is basically perfect for Auto research is basically perfect for Auto research is basically perfect for use cases just like this, where we have use cases just like this, where we have use cases just like this, where we have a very defined goal, in my case to a very defined goal, in my case to a very defined goal, in my case to decrease or increase a couple of decrease or increase a couple of decrease or increase a couple of metrics, a very defined change method, metrics, a very defined change method, metrics, a very defined change method, which is how you actually make the which is how you actually make the which is how you actually make the impact, so in my case just modifying the impact, so in my case just modifying the impact, so in my case just modifying the website code, and then a very website code, and then a very website code, and then a very standardized assessment, which in my standardized assessment, which in my standardized assessment, which in my case is that lighthouse score. case is that lighthouse score. case is that lighthouse score. In case you have never seen this before, In case you have never seen this before, In case you have never seen this before, basically Andrej Karpathy, who is the uh basically Andrej Karpathy, who is the uh basically Andrej Karpathy, who is the uh one of the founding members of OpenAI, one of the founding members of OpenAI, one of the founding members of OpenAI, and then he also was the head of AI at and then he also was the head of AI at and then he also was the head of AI at Tesla for quite a while.

[1:31:11] Tesla for quite a while. Tesla for quite a while. Um you know, he he just was doing a Um you know, he he just was doing a Um you know, he he just was doing a bunch of research on his own for uh one bunch of research on his own for uh one bunch of research on his own for uh one of the models that he was running, and of the models that he was running, and of the models that he was running, and he's just like, "You know, do I have to he's just like, "You know, do I have to he's just like, "You know, do I have to do this stuff anymore? do this stuff anymore? do this stuff anymore? I feel like I'm at the point where I I feel like I'm at the point where I I feel like I'm at the point where I could have AI actually run most of my could have AI actually run most of my could have AI actually run most of my research for me." research for me." research for me." Let me make a a quick hypothesis. If I Let me make a a quick hypothesis. If I Let me make a a quick hypothesis. If I just gave all of my changes to AI, would just gave all of my changes to AI, would just gave all of my changes to AI, would it be able to do the same thing that I it be able to do the same thing that I it be able to do the same thing that I do while I slept, such that when I wake do while I slept, such that when I wake do while I slept, such that when I wake up, I'll have like a big list of up, I'll have like a big list of up, I'll have like a big list of improvements? And uh it turns out, you improvements? And uh it turns out, you improvements? And uh it turns out, you know, he he can. And it's not that AI know, he he can. And it's not that AI know, he he can. And it's not that AI agents are like better than human beings agents are like better than human beings agents are like better than human beings at determining these research changes, at determining these research changes, at determining these research changes, but it's actually quite standardized to

[1:31:41] but it's actually quite standardized to but it's actually quite standardized to do conceptually. You're basically just do conceptually. You're basically just do conceptually. You're basically just like looking over a bunch of different like looking over a bunch of different like looking over a bunch of different possible things you could do, making one possible things you could do, making one possible things you could do, making one tiny change, and then just evaluating, tiny change, and then just evaluating, tiny change, and then just evaluating, "Hey, did that actually improve my "Hey, did that actually improve my "Hey, did that actually improve my score? Did that make things better?" If score? Did that make things better?" If score? Did that make things better?" If so, I keep it, and I just move on to the so, I keep it, and I just move on to the so, I keep it, and I just move on to the next thing. I go over and over and over next thing. I go over and over and over next thing. I go over and over and over and over and over again until finally, and over and over again until finally, and over and over again until finally, you know, you you make it hundreds of you know, you you make it hundreds of you know, you you make it hundreds of iterations later. iterations later. iterations later. So, you know, in my case, like we uh I So, you know, in my case, like we uh I So, you know, in my case, like we uh I just re-ran the test because I want to just re-ran the test because I want to just re-ran the test because I want to start this from scratch to show you guys start this from scratch to show you guys start this from scratch to show you guys how this works. It's actually fairly how this works. It's actually fairly how this works. It's actually fairly straightforward and what I'll do next is straightforward and what I'll do next is straightforward and what I'll do next is I'll run you guys through the original I'll run you guys through the original I'll run you guys through the original way that AutoFour Search works and then way that AutoFour Search works and then way that AutoFour Search works and then how to download the repo and then set it how to download the repo and then set it how to download the repo and then set it up on your end for whatever the use

[1:32:11] up on your end for whatever the use up on your end for whatever the use cases that you you particularly have. cases that you you particularly have. cases that you you particularly have. So it all started when Andrej Karpathy, So it all started when Andrej Karpathy, So it all started when Andrej Karpathy, who was a researcher, he used to work at who was a researcher, he used to work at who was a researcher, he used to work at Tesla. I think he was the head of AI at Tesla. I think he was the head of AI at Tesla. I think he was the head of AI at Tesla and he was also one of the Tesla and he was also one of the Tesla and he was also one of the founding members of Open AI, founding members of Open AI, founding members of Open AI, asked himself, "You know, uh all this asked himself, "You know, uh all this asked himself, "You know, uh all this work that I'm doing, all this research work that I'm doing, all this research work that I'm doing, all this research stuff that I'm doing, is there any way stuff that I'm doing, is there any way stuff that I'm doing, is there any way to automate it?" And he found that if to automate it?" And he found that if to automate it?" And he found that if you just broke down step-by-step what it you just broke down step-by-step what it you just broke down step-by-step what it is that he actually had to do, is that he actually had to do, is that he actually had to do, it more or less always went like this. it more or less always went like this. it more or less always went like this. You know, he he just had a little loop You know, he he just had a little loop You know, he he just had a little loop set up where, you know, he would make a set up where, you know, he would make a set up where, you know, he would make a hypothesis. hypothesis. hypothesis. And the hypothesis would be like, "Hey,

[1:32:41] And the hypothesis would be like, "Hey, And the hypothesis would be like, "Hey, if I change X, Y, and Z, I think my if I change X, Y, and Z, I think my if I change X, Y, and Z, I think my system will run faster." system will run faster." system will run faster." Then he'd actually execute the change. Then he'd actually execute the change. Then he'd actually execute the change. So he'd actually go and he'd adjust X, So he'd actually go and he'd adjust X, So he'd actually go and he'd adjust X, Y, Z. Then finally, he'd assess. Y, Z. Then finally, he'd assess. Y, Z. Then finally, he'd assess. And then if the assessment was good, aka And then if the assessment was good, aka And then if the assessment was good, aka it made an improvement, then he would it made an improvement, then he would it made an improvement, then he would just go back to this and then make just go back to this and then make just go back to this and then make another one. Then if the assessment was another one. Then if the assessment was another one. Then if the assessment was bad, aka it failed, then he would just bad, aka it failed, then he would just bad, aka it failed, then he would just get rid of it and then not change get rid of it and then not change get rid of it and then not change anything and then, you know, kind of anything and then, you know, kind of anything and then, you know, kind of start from scratch. start from scratch. start from scratch. And all along the way, okay, what he And all along the way, okay, what he And all along the way, okay, what he would do is he would update this little would do is he would update this little would do is he would update this little document, document, document, which you and I could just call like a

[1:33:11] which you and I could just call like a which you and I could just call like a research log. research log. research log. And you know, basically the first change And you know, basically the first change And you know, basically the first change would be like, "Oh, you know, this would be like, "Oh, you know, this would be like, "Oh, you know, this worked. It was great." Second change, worked. It was great." Second change, worked. It was great." Second change, "Oh no, it didn't work. And here's why." "Oh no, it didn't work. And here's why." "Oh no, it didn't work. And here's why." Third change, "Okay, it worked. It was Third change, "Okay, it worked. It was Third change, "Okay, it worked. It was great." And eventually over time, you great." And eventually over time, you great." And eventually over time, you end up with this massive massive log of end up with this massive massive log of end up with this massive massive log of all the different possible things you all the different possible things you all the different possible things you could do to an AI to whatever your task could do to an AI to whatever your task could do to an AI to whatever your task is and all the things that you have is and all the things that you have is and all the things that you have tried in the past that doesn't really tried in the past that doesn't really tried in the past that doesn't really change anything. change anything. change anything. Okay, so this is made of three files. Okay, so this is made of three files. Okay, so this is made of three files. There's a prepare.py, which in our case There's a prepare.py, which in our case There's a prepare.py, which in our case is kind of pointless. Then there's a is kind of pointless. Then there's a is kind of pointless. Then there's a train.py and then a program.md. The train.py and then a program.md. The train.py and then a program.md. The reason why the prepare.py is pointless reason why the prepare.py is pointless reason why the prepare.py is pointless is because it's just about like AI

[1:33:41] is because it's just about like AI is because it's just about like AI research specifically. It's like fixed research specifically. It's like fixed research specifically. It's like fixed constants, downloading the training constants, downloading the training constants, downloading the training data, training a BPE byte pair encoding data, training a BPE byte pair encoding data, training a BPE byte pair encoding tokenizer, and a bunch of other stuff tokenizer, and a bunch of other stuff tokenizer, and a bunch of other stuff that just isn't really relevant. The that just isn't really relevant. The that just isn't really relevant. The stuff for us though is obviously we want stuff for us though is obviously we want stuff for us though is obviously we want to train this and and improve this to train this and and improve this to train this and and improve this and improve our programs. We want to and improve our programs. We want to and improve our programs. We want to improve our websites. We want to improve improve our websites. We want to improve improve our websites. We want to improve some of our business functions. some of our business functions. some of our business functions. These two files here, train.py and These two files here, train.py and These two files here, train.py and program.py, basically underscore how the program.py, basically underscore how the program.py, basically underscore how the entire thing works. entire thing works. entire thing works. Okay, so the super important one here is Okay, so the super important one here is Okay, so the super important one here is called program.md. What you do is you called program.md. What you do is you called program.md. What you do is you basically just tell it what you want it basically just tell it what you want it basically just tell it what you want it to do. So, for instance, hey, to do. So, for instance, hey, to do. So, for instance, hey, um here's what you can do as an AI

[1:34:12] um here's what you can do as an AI um here's what you can do as an AI agent. Modify this file, okay? Every agent. Modify this file, okay? Every agent. Modify this file, okay? Every time you do, I want you to print a time you do, I want you to print a time you do, I want you to print a summary of the scores and then log it to summary of the scores and then log it to summary of the scores and then log it to this file. And that's literally it. It this file. And that's literally it. It this file. And that's literally it. It just goes through that loop over and just goes through that loop over and just goes through that loop over and over and over and over and over again. over and over and over and over again. over and over and over and over again. Then the actual train.py, in this case, Then the actual train.py, in this case, Then the actual train.py, in this case, it's just like the website itself uh it's just like the website itself uh it's just like the website itself uh sorry, the the AI model um um setup sorry, the the AI model um um setup sorry, the the AI model um um setup itself with all the layers and stuff itself with all the layers and stuff itself with all the layers and stuff like that. In our case, right, the like that. In our case, right, the like that. In our case, right, the example that I was just showing you a example that I was just showing you a example that I was just showing you a moment ago, that's just my website, moment ago, that's just my website, moment ago, that's just my website, basically. And so basically, it's just basically. And so basically, it's just basically. And so basically, it's just like it has a loop set up in its prompt. like it has a loop set up in its prompt. like it has a loop set up in its prompt. You tell it what you can change, what You tell it what you can change, what You tell it what you can change, what you can't change. You give it some like you can't change. You give it some like you can't change. You give it some like sort of log file that it dumps

[1:34:42] sort of log file that it dumps sort of log file that it dumps everything to, so you have like a big everything to, so you have like a big everything to, so you have like a big list of changes in progress. list of changes in progress. list of changes in progress. And then, you know, after that, you are And then, you know, after that, you are And then, you know, after that, you are you're basically done, honestly. You you're basically done, honestly. You you're basically done, honestly. You just fire it off and let it go. And when just fire it off and let it go. And when just fire it off and let it go. And when you do, you know, you can make some you do, you know, you can make some you do, you know, you can make some pretty cool changes. So, you know, I pretty cool changes. So, you know, I pretty cool changes. So, you know, I just reran the thing, and uh we're just reran the thing, and uh we're just reran the thing, and uh we're already seeing some pretty substantial already seeing some pretty substantial already seeing some pretty substantial improvements. improvements. improvements. Uh not all these improvements are the Uh not all these improvements are the Uh not all these improvements are the same ones that I was showing you guys same ones that I was showing you guys same ones that I was showing you guys before. It's this research lab. Just I'm before. It's this research lab. Just I'm before. It's this research lab. Just I'm just resetting it over and over and over just resetting it over and over and over just resetting it over and over and over again to see if I can find anything more again to see if I can find anything more again to see if I can find anything more interesting. interesting. interesting. Okay, so hopefully that's pretty Okay, so hopefully that's pretty Okay, so hopefully that's pretty straightforward. Simplest and easiest straightforward. Simplest and easiest straightforward. Simplest and easiest way to do that um is just head over to way to do that um is just head over to way to do that um is just head over to github.com/karpathy/autoresearch.

[1:35:13] github.com/karpathy/autoresearch. github.com/karpathy/autoresearch. And then what you do is you just copy And then what you do is you just copy And then what you do is you just copy this link. Okay, so how do we actually this link. Okay, so how do we actually this link. Okay, so how do we actually do this? Let's open up antigravity. I'll do this? Let's open up antigravity. I'll do this? Let's open up antigravity. I'll click open folder. Uh I'll just make a click open folder. Uh I'll just make a click open folder. Uh I'll just make a new one called autoresearchtest, new one called autoresearchtest, new one called autoresearchtest, okay? And then I'm going to open. okay? And then I'm going to open. okay? And then I'm going to open. And I'm going to click on clone Zoom way And I'm going to click on clone Zoom way And I'm going to click on clone Zoom way in so you guys could see. I'll actually in so you guys could see. I'll actually in so you guys could see. I'll actually just paste this and say clone this into just paste this and say clone this into just paste this and say clone this into our current folder, um autoresearchtest. our current folder, um autoresearchtest. our current folder, um autoresearchtest. Just so that it doesn't do this in my um Just so that it doesn't do this in my um Just so that it doesn't do this in my um kind of my root folder, which it's done kind of my root folder, which it's done kind of my root folder, which it's done a couple times. a couple times. a couple times. All right, so it's going to start All right, so it's going to start All right, so it's going to start saying, "Hey, I want you to clone this." saying, "Hey, I want you to clone this." saying, "Hey, I want you to clone this." So, it's going to give it a a quick try.

[1:35:43] So, it's going to give it a a quick try. So, it's going to give it a a quick try. It's just going to dump all the files in It's just going to dump all the files in It's just going to dump all the files in here. So, now we basically have the here. So, now we basically have the here. So, now we basically have the exact same thing that we had before, exact same thing that we had before, exact same thing that we had before, right? We have the program.py, right? We have the program.py, right? We have the program.py, prepare.py, train.py, the progress, and prepare.py, train.py, the progress, and prepare.py, train.py, the progress, and you know, even like a readme that you know, even like a readme that you know, even like a readme that explains everything. explains everything. explains everything. So, now all we need to do, if we want to So, now all we need to do, if we want to So, now all we need to do, if we want to like, I don't know, train this on a site like, I don't know, train this on a site like, I don't know, train this on a site or something, is um well, first of all, or something, is um well, first of all, or something, is um well, first of all, why don't we just make a quick site? why don't we just make a quick site? why don't we just make a quick site? Hey, build me a simple one-page Hey, build me a simple one-page Hey, build me a simple one-page portfolio site for Nick Survive. And portfolio site for Nick Survive. And portfolio site for Nick Survive. And obviously, it doesn't know what my name obviously, it doesn't know what my name obviously, it doesn't know what my name is. is. is. So, it's now going to build a simple So, it's now going to build a simple So, it's now going to build a simple one-page portfolio site. one-page portfolio site. one-page portfolio site. I just wanted to do it here, so it's I just wanted to do it here, so it's I just wanted to do it here, so it's going to do this inside of this file. going to do this inside of this file. going to do this inside of this file. First, it's going to ask me some

[1:36:13] First, it's going to ask me some First, it's going to ask me some questions. questions. questions. Just uh add demo information for Just uh add demo information for Just uh add demo information for everything. And my goal is uh I just everything. And my goal is uh I just everything. And my goal is uh I just want to build a brief little website want to build a brief little website want to build a brief little website here for us, and then I just want to run here for us, and then I just want to run here for us, and then I just want to run auto research on to show you guys how auto research on to show you guys how auto research on to show you guys how easy this is to optimize things. easy this is to optimize things. easy this is to optimize things. Now, in our case, we're going to do Now, in our case, we're going to do Now, in our case, we're going to do website. There are a million different website. There are a million different website. There are a million different things you can apply auto research to. things you can apply auto research to. things you can apply auto research to. Auto research goes through a quick and Auto research goes through a quick and Auto research goes through a quick and easy framework, but first, I'm just easy framework, but first, I'm just easy framework, but first, I'm just going to show you guys what you need in going to show you guys what you need in going to show you guys what you need in order to actually set this up. All order to actually set this up. All order to actually set this up. All right, now what I'm going to say is, right, now what I'm going to say is, right, now what I'm going to say is, "Excellent, I'd like you to create a "Excellent, I'd like you to create a "Excellent, I'd like you to create a dashboard for auto research, and then dashboard for auto research, and then dashboard for auto research, and then set up the auto research framework to

[1:36:43] set up the auto research framework to set up the auto research framework to optimize the Google Lighthouse page optimize the Google Lighthouse page optimize the Google Lighthouse page score for index.html. I want you to run score for index.html. I want you to run score for index.html. I want you to run this on a local loop, and basically, this on a local loop, and basically, this on a local loop, and basically, just make index.html as fast as possible just make index.html as fast as possible just make index.html as fast as possible across LCP, FCP, TBT, and then also across LCP, FCP, TBT, and then also across LCP, FCP, TBT, and then also performance score. performance score. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Then, give me some sort of live &gt;&gt; Then, give me some sort of live &gt;&gt; Then, give me some sort of live dashboard view so I could watch it um dashboard view so I could watch it um dashboard view so I could watch it um actually work in reality." actually work in reality." actually work in reality." Cool. And then I'm just going to press Cool. And then I'm just going to press Cool. And then I'm just going to press enter. And basically, what it's going to enter. And basically, what it's going to enter. And basically, what it's going to do is it's going to read through all do is it's going to read through all do is it's going to read through all these files right over here, and then these files right over here, and then these files right over here, and then it's going to use all of the information it's going to use all of the information it's going to use all of the information here in order to set up the dashboard

[1:37:13] here in order to set up the dashboard here in order to set up the dashboard for me. And while it's working, I just for me. And while it's working, I just for me. And while it's working, I just wanted to explain a little bit about wanted to explain a little bit about wanted to explain a little bit about where we are and where we're going. where we are and where we're going. where we are and where we're going. The initial stage of AI coding was sort The initial stage of AI coding was sort The initial stage of AI coding was sort of like vibe coding. This is like 2024, of like vibe coding. This is like 2024, of like vibe coding. This is like 2024, 2025 stuff, where a human being, okay, 2025 stuff, where a human being, okay, 2025 stuff, where a human being, okay, us, prompts, then an AI writes some us, prompts, then an AI writes some us, prompts, then an AI writes some code, and then a human being reviews. code, and then a human being reviews. code, and then a human being reviews. So, in this way, our roles were So, in this way, our roles were So, in this way, our roles were basically relegated to writing. basically relegated to writing. basically relegated to writing. We would write the prompts, we would We would write the prompts, we would We would write the prompts, we would make minor changes where necessary, and make minor changes where necessary, and make minor changes where necessary, and in that way, we like build a website or in that way, we like build a website or in that way, we like build a website or something. something. something. Well, nowadays, most of us do agent Well, nowadays, most of us do agent Well, nowadays, most of us do agent engineering, and this is sort of what engineering, and this is sort of what engineering, and this is sort of what the advanced part of our course um deals the advanced part of our course um deals the advanced part of our course um deals with. So, this is where instead of just

[1:37:44] with. So, this is where instead of just with. So, this is where instead of just dealing with one AI, we're actually dealing with one AI, we're actually dealing with one AI, we're actually orchestrating agents, and these agents orchestrating agents, and these agents orchestrating agents, and these agents are doing multiple things for us all the are doing multiple things for us all the are doing multiple things for us all the time and then basically like returning time and then basically like returning time and then basically like returning the results so that we could see and the results so that we could see and the results so that we could see and then like assess and make slight little then like assess and make slight little then like assess and make slight little recommended changes. So, in this way our recommended changes. So, in this way our recommended changes. So, in this way our role is more of the director. role is more of the director. role is more of the director. But Auto Research represents sort of the But Auto Research represents sort of the But Auto Research represents sort of the the next jump from agentic engineering the next jump from agentic engineering the next jump from agentic engineering to actually full independent research. to actually full independent research. to actually full independent research. Well, now all we do is we're no longer Well, now all we do is we're no longer Well, now all we do is we're no longer like actually even directing the AI like actually even directing the AI like actually even directing the AI agents. We we let them handle their own agents. We we let them handle their own agents. We we let them handle their own direction. What we do is we just say, direction. What we do is we just say, direction. What we do is we just say, "Hey, I have a goal and I'd like you to

[1:38:14] "Hey, I have a goal and I'd like you to "Hey, I have a goal and I'd like you to achieve this goal. Here's how you can achieve this goal. Here's how you can achieve this goal. Here's how you can modify X, Y, and Z and here's an modify X, Y, and Z and here's an modify X, Y, and Z and here's an assessment." And so, in this way we set assessment." And so, in this way we set assessment." And so, in this way we set the direction, the agent just runs the direction, the agent just runs the direction, the agent just runs completely autonomously, and then what completely autonomously, and then what completely autonomously, and then what we are is we're basically like a we are is we're basically like a we are is we're basically like a we're like a we're like a uh we're like a we're like a uh we're like a we're like a uh principal investigator, like a principal investigator, like a principal investigator, like a researcher at a lab somewhere. We just researcher at a lab somewhere. We just researcher at a lab somewhere. We just say, "Hey, you know, I want you to do X, say, "Hey, you know, I want you to do X, say, "Hey, you know, I want you to do X, Y, Z." and then we just go farm it out Y, Z." and then we just go farm it out Y, Z." and then we just go farm it out to a bunch of uh you know, research to a bunch of uh you know, research to a bunch of uh you know, research assistant RA monkeys to go and and do assistant RA monkeys to go and and do assistant RA monkeys to go and and do the experiments and so on and so forth the experiments and so on and so forth the experiments and so on and so forth for us. for us. for us. And so, this is along a spectrum of And so, this is along a spectrum of And so, this is along a spectrum of decreasing human involvement. And I'm decreasing human involvement. And I'm decreasing human involvement. And I'm not really sure what comes next after not really sure what comes next after not really sure what comes next after independent research, but uh I do not

[1:38:44] independent research, but uh I do not independent research, but uh I do not imagine it will require human beings in imagine it will require human beings in imagine it will require human beings in the loop essentially at all. This is the the loop essentially at all. This is the the loop essentially at all. This is the same sort of thing that big research same sort of thing that big research same sort of thing that big research labs right now are currently using to labs right now are currently using to labs right now are currently using to optimize their setup. So, Anthropic's optimize their setup. So, Anthropic's optimize their setup. So, Anthropic's almost certainly doing this all day long almost certainly doing this all day long almost certainly doing this all day long for Claude code to make things faster, for Claude code to make things faster, for Claude code to make things faster, to make things more performant. Um you to make things more performant. Um you to make things more performant. Um you know, OpenAI is probably doing this know, OpenAI is probably doing this know, OpenAI is probably doing this behind the scenes to make Codex not only behind the scenes to make Codex not only behind the scenes to make Codex not only better, but even like adjust the better, but even like adjust the better, but even like adjust the architecture of the AI models and so on architecture of the AI models and so on architecture of the AI models and so on and so forth. They're probably doing it and so forth. They're probably doing it and so forth. They're probably doing it across all their web properties, right? across all their web properties, right? across all their web properties, right? Anyone that's really worth any salt at Anyone that's really worth any salt at Anyone that's really worth any salt at this point has probably been doing this point has probably been doing this point has probably been doing something like what I'm showing you guys something like what I'm showing you guys something like what I'm showing you guys with Auto Research for at least a little with Auto Research for at least a little with Auto Research for at least a little while. It's just Auto Research is uh

[1:39:14] while. It's just Auto Research is uh while. It's just Auto Research is uh Carpet's his way to democratize that and Carpet's his way to democratize that and Carpet's his way to democratize that and then allow people um you know, to to do then allow people um you know, to to do then allow people um you know, to to do this even with like paid providers like this even with like paid providers like this even with like paid providers like Anthropic's Claude. Okay, so if I go Anthropic's Claude. Okay, so if I go Anthropic's Claude. Okay, so if I go back here, you can see this is actually back here, you can see this is actually back here, you can see this is actually set up the Auto Research loop and it's set up the Auto Research loop and it's set up the Auto Research loop and it's actually doing the research. Um which is actually doing the research. Um which is actually doing the research. Um which is not essentially what I wanted to do. I not essentially what I wanted to do. I not essentially what I wanted to do. I wanted to actually see the dashboard. wanted to actually see the dashboard. wanted to actually see the dashboard. So, what I'll say is, "Show me the So, what I'll say is, "Show me the So, what I'll say is, "Show me the dashboard." dashboard." dashboard." because I actually want to like watch it because I actually want to like watch it because I actually want to like watch it work live. work live. work live. And then it's just paused the And then it's just paused the And then it's just paused the optimization loop. Now it's going to optimization loop. Now it's going to optimization loop. Now it's going to show me said dashboard. show me said dashboard. show me said dashboard. It's we that and then um I guess it's It's we that and then um I guess it's It's we that and then um I guess it's going to actually show it to me now in a

[1:39:44] going to actually show it to me now in a going to actually show it to me now in a second. Cool. We have it right here. second. Cool. We have it right here. second. Cool. We have it right here. Awesome. So, here is our dashboard and Awesome. So, here is our dashboard and Awesome. So, here is our dashboard and we are running multiple experiments. we are running multiple experiments. we are running multiple experiments. Obviously, this looks a little bit Obviously, this looks a little bit Obviously, this looks a little bit different from the dashboard I showed different from the dashboard I showed different from the dashboard I showed you guys earlier for my left click auto you guys earlier for my left click auto you guys earlier for my left click auto research, but that's okay. I don't want research, but that's okay. I don't want research, but that's okay. I don't want this to look the same. I want to show this to look the same. I want to show this to look the same. I want to show you guys you can apply this to whatever you guys you can apply this to whatever you guys you can apply this to whatever you want. Um our very first experiment you want. Um our very first experiment you want. Um our very first experiment had an FCP of 464752 had an FCP of 464752 had an FCP of 464752 and a size of 12.9. What we ended up and a size of 12.9. What we ended up and a size of 12.9. What we ended up doing is we ended up minifying the CSS, doing is we ended up minifying the CSS, doing is we ended up minifying the CSS, making a bunch of changes to the code making a bunch of changes to the code making a bunch of changes to the code basically and it took it from 12.9 down basically and it took it from 12.9 down basically and it took it from 12.9 down to 10, which uh technically makes our to 10, which uh technically makes our to 10, which uh technically makes our website even faster, but in reality

[1:40:14] website even faster, but in reality website even faster, but in reality doesn't actually influence things doesn't actually influence things doesn't actually influence things because our scores are basically the because our scores are basically the because our scores are basically the same, at least uh speed wise. Okay, so same, at least uh speed wise. Okay, so same, at least uh speed wise. Okay, so this is just going to continue um this is just going to continue um this is just going to continue um operating. operating. operating. I'll just say continue. I'll just say continue. I'll just say continue. Now, in my case what this is doing is Now, in my case what this is doing is Now, in my case what this is doing is it's currently occupying the main it's currently occupying the main it's currently occupying the main thread, right? So, this is why it's thread, right? So, this is why it's thread, right? So, this is why it's going to be writing and making changes going to be writing and making changes going to be writing and making changes and stuff like that. Um at any point and stuff like that. Um at any point and stuff like that. Um at any point time I could say, "Hey, just go run this time I could say, "Hey, just go run this time I could say, "Hey, just go run this in the background." Or hey, I just want in the background." Or hey, I just want in the background." Or hey, I just want you to run this in a loop using like the you to run this in a loop using like the you to run this in a loop using like the Entropic um Entropic um Entropic um agent SDK or something like that. I'd agent SDK or something like that. I'd agent SDK or something like that. I'd supply my API key and then it would and supply my API key and then it would and supply my API key and then it would and then it would go. And what it's doing then it would go. And what it's doing then it would go. And what it's doing now is it's actually making the changes. now is it's actually making the changes. now is it's actually making the changes. I guess I should probably also like open I guess I should probably also like open I guess I should probably also like open the website itself, huh? That'd probably

[1:40:44] the website itself, huh? That'd probably the website itself, huh? That'd probably make more sense. Let me actually take a make more sense. Let me actually take a make more sense. Let me actually take a look at uh what that looks like. Right. look at uh what that looks like. Right. look at uh what that looks like. Right. So, here's here's the actual website So, here's here's the actual website So, here's here's the actual website itself. And you can see that like for itself. And you can see that like for itself. And you can see that like for the most part, you know, it's very basic the most part, you know, it's very basic the most part, you know, it's very basic and simple. And but what we're doing is and simple. And but what we're doing is and simple. And but what we're doing is we're just optimizing it. We're making we're just optimizing it. We're making we're just optimizing it. We're making it faster and faster and faster. This it faster and faster and faster. This it faster and faster and faster. This may break the website in some cases. may break the website in some cases. may break the website in some cases. Sometimes some minor changes like this Sometimes some minor changes like this Sometimes some minor changes like this do. do. do. Um but as you can see here, we've Um but as you can see here, we've Um but as you can see here, we've actually like improved it by a whole actually like improved it by a whole actually like improved it by a whole whopping 2 milliseconds, right? We made whopping 2 milliseconds, right? We made whopping 2 milliseconds, right? We made whatever change we did that made this a whatever change we did that made this a whatever change we did that made this a little bit slower has now been fixed and little bit slower has now been fixed and little bit slower has now been fixed and we're a little bit faster. Then it's we're a little bit faster. Then it's we're a little bit faster. Then it's just keeping each of these. So, you just keeping each of these. So, you just keeping each of these. So, you know, these things will go down very, know, these things will go down very, know, these things will go down very, very, very uh slightly. They'll increase

[1:41:14] very, very uh slightly. They'll increase very, very uh slightly. They'll increase very, very slightly. But, you know, if very, very slightly. But, you know, if very, very slightly. But, you know, if you uh let it go for enough loops, then you uh let it go for enough loops, then you uh let it go for enough loops, then eventually you get to the point where eventually you get to the point where eventually you get to the point where you're legitimately making pretty large you're legitimately making pretty large you're legitimately making pretty large improvements to the least contentful improvements to the least contentful improvements to the least contentful paint. Um you know, first contentful paint. Um you know, first contentful paint. Um you know, first contentful paint and and so on and so on and so paint and and so on and so on and so paint and and so on and so on and so forth. And just know that we can discard forth. And just know that we can discard forth. And just know that we can discard any runs that don't actually do any runs that don't actually do any runs that don't actually do anything. So, you know, in my case my um anything. So, you know, in my case my um anything. So, you know, in my case my um uh like the one requirement I had for my uh like the one requirement I had for my uh like the one requirement I had for my left click perf auto research uh run was left click perf auto research uh run was left click perf auto research uh run was that you can't visually change the that you can't visually change the that you can't visually change the website at website at website at So, you should take a screenshot and it So, you should take a screenshot and it So, you should take a screenshot and it should be pixel perfect compared to the should be pixel perfect compared to the should be pixel perfect compared to the initial one, which is why it's like not initial one, which is why it's like not initial one, which is why it's like not adjusting the font or whatever. But, so adjusting the font or whatever. But, so adjusting the font or whatever. But, so I can make more or less any other

[1:41:44] I can make more or less any other I can make more or less any other changes aside from that and uh it's it changes aside from that and uh it's it changes aside from that and uh it's it is doing so, which is pretty neat. is doing so, which is pretty neat. is doing so, which is pretty neat. Okay, so now you're probably wondering, Okay, so now you're probably wondering, Okay, so now you're probably wondering, "Nick, so how the hell do I actually use "Nick, so how the hell do I actually use "Nick, so how the hell do I actually use auto research for my own business aside auto research for my own business aside auto research for my own business aside from the demo that I just showed you?" from the demo that I just showed you?" from the demo that I just showed you?" And like what else could I apply it to? And like what else could I apply it to? And like what else could I apply it to? And my rule for auto research is that in And my rule for auto research is that in And my rule for auto research is that in order for you to meaningfully make any order for you to meaningfully make any order for you to meaningfully make any changes, you need to have three things. changes, you need to have three things. changes, you need to have three things. The first is you need to have a metric The first is you need to have a metric The first is you need to have a metric that you want to optimize for. that you want to optimize for. that you want to optimize for. So, in my example, what is the metric So, in my example, what is the metric So, in my example, what is the metric that I am optimizing for? Well, I'm off- that I am optimizing for? Well, I'm off- that I am optimizing for? Well, I'm off- obviously optimizing for my Lighthouse obviously optimizing for my Lighthouse obviously optimizing for my Lighthouse score. score. score. And so, it's a very standardized metric.

[1:42:14] And so, it's a very standardized metric. And so, it's a very standardized metric. It's really simple and it's very It's really simple and it's very It's really simple and it's very objective. There's no real negotiations objective. There's no real negotiations objective. There's no real negotiations about what a Lighthouse score is. Google about what a Lighthouse score is. Google about what a Lighthouse score is. Google invented it. It is what it is. That's invented it. It is what it is. That's invented it. It is what it is. That's what I'm looking basically to to to what I'm looking basically to to to what I'm looking basically to to to assess. assess. assess. The second thing that you need is you The second thing that you need is you The second thing that you need is you need a way to change that metric. So, need a way to change that metric. So, need a way to change that metric. So, you need a way you can influence an you need a way you can influence an you need a way you can influence an outcome that modifies the metric itself. outcome that modifies the metric itself. outcome that modifies the metric itself. So, if you think about it in terms of So, if you think about it in terms of So, if you think about it in terms of Lighthouse page score, Lighthouse page score, Lighthouse page score, the direct way to modify your Lighthouse the direct way to modify your Lighthouse the direct way to modify your Lighthouse score is just to change your website. score is just to change your website. score is just to change your website. And the direct way to do that is just

[1:42:44] And the direct way to do that is just And the direct way to do that is just like alter the code a little bit. like alter the code a little bit. like alter the code a little bit. So, in my case, not only do I have the So, in my case, not only do I have the So, in my case, not only do I have the metric, which is the Lighthouse score, I metric, which is the Lighthouse score, I metric, which is the Lighthouse score, I have a direct way I can immediately have a direct way I can immediately have a direct way I can immediately change the metric. change the metric. change the metric. And then the third thing that you need And then the third thing that you need And then the third thing that you need on top of that is not only do you need on top of that is not only do you need on top of that is not only do you need the metric and then you need a way to the metric and then you need a way to the metric and then you need a way to change the metric, you also need a way change the metric, you also need a way change the metric, you also need a way to assess what it is that you just did. to assess what it is that you just did. to assess what it is that you just did. And so, because it's kind of like in the And so, because it's kind of like in the And so, because it's kind of like in the name, right? This is sort of contrived name, right? This is sort of contrived name, right? This is sort of contrived example, but like the Lighthouse score example, but like the Lighthouse score example, but like the Lighthouse score has a Lighthouse test and the Lighthouse has a Lighthouse test and the Lighthouse has a Lighthouse test and the Lighthouse test just tells you what your Lighthouse test just tells you what your Lighthouse test just tells you what your Lighthouse score is. So, I have like the thing I'm score is. So, I have like the thing I'm score is. So, I have like the thing I'm trying to improve, which is, you know,

[1:43:14] trying to improve, which is, you know, trying to improve, which is, you know, all the metrics that I just showed you all the metrics that I just showed you all the metrics that I just showed you guys. I have a way to improve it, which guys. I have a way to improve it, which guys. I have a way to improve it, which is modifying the website, and then I is modifying the website, and then I is modifying the website, and then I have a way to assess that, which is my have a way to assess that, which is my have a way to assess that, which is my Lighthouse page score, uh which I can Lighthouse page score, uh which I can Lighthouse page score, uh which I can run in a loop basically immediately run in a loop basically immediately run in a loop basically immediately after the changes. Takes me just a few after the changes. Takes me just a few after the changes. Takes me just a few seconds. seconds. seconds. And so, those are the three things that And so, those are the three things that And so, those are the three things that you need. If I were to formalize this, you need. If I were to formalize this, you need. If I were to formalize this, okay, and I will because I just want okay, and I will because I just want okay, and I will because I just want everybody to know everybody to know everybody to know uh and and be able to visualize it. The uh and and be able to visualize it. The uh and and be able to visualize it. The three things you need in order to do three things you need in order to do three things you need in order to do auto research auto research auto research Okay. Okay. Okay. are number one are number one are number one a metric a metric a metric number two, a way to influence number two, a way to influence number two, a way to influence or the

[1:43:45] or the or the I don't know, change method, let's call I don't know, change method, let's call I don't know, change method, let's call it, which allows you to influence the it, which allows you to influence the it, which allows you to influence the metric. And then three, some sort of metric. And then three, some sort of metric. And then three, some sort of assessment. assessment. assessment. And with the change method and the And with the change method and the And with the change method and the assessment, the most important thing, at assessment, the most important thing, at assessment, the most important thing, at least in in my view, is that you can do least in in my view, is that you can do least in in my view, is that you can do both of these things pretty fast. Like both of these things pretty fast. Like both of these things pretty fast. Like if your change method takes a really if your change method takes a really if your change method takes a really long time to do, it takes like an hour long time to do, it takes like an hour long time to do, it takes like an hour or whatever, and then your assessment or whatever, and then your assessment or whatever, and then your assessment takes another hour. If you think about takes another hour. If you think about takes another hour. If you think about it, your your experiment will only be it, your your experiment will only be it, your your experiment will only be able to run as fast as basically once able to run as fast as basically once able to run as fast as basically once every 2 hours. every 2 hours. every 2 hours. And that's still like light-years ahead And that's still like light-years ahead And that's still like light-years ahead of like a, you know, a human of like a, you know, a human of like a, you know, a human experimenter. But if you really want to experimenter. But if you really want to experimenter. But if you really want to see like those crazy vertical lines in see like those crazy vertical lines in see like those crazy vertical lines in the graph as things just get better and the graph as things just get better and the graph as things just get better and better and better, sort of recursive

[1:44:15] better and better, sort of recursive better and better, sort of recursive self-improvement, you know, you need to self-improvement, you know, you need to self-improvement, you know, you need to have a pretty short change method. So have a pretty short change method. So have a pretty short change method. So ideally, this would take, I don't know, ideally, this would take, I don't know, ideally, this would take, I don't know, let's say like 30 seconds or so. Why am let's say like 30 seconds or so. Why am let's say like 30 seconds or so. Why am I drawing like that? I could just do I drawing like that? I could just do I drawing like that? I could just do this. this. this. You know, maybe like 30 seconds or And You know, maybe like 30 seconds or And You know, maybe like 30 seconds or And ideally, the assessment would also take ideally, the assessment would also take ideally, the assessment would also take maybe 30 seconds or so as well. Because maybe 30 seconds or so as well. Because maybe 30 seconds or so as well. Because combined, what we have here is we have a combined, what we have here is we have a combined, what we have here is we have a loop that can run 60 times per hour. loop that can run 60 times per hour. loop that can run 60 times per hour. Or if you multiply that out, uh what's Or if you multiply that out, uh what's Or if you multiply that out, uh what's 24 * 60? Um a lot. 1,440 times a day. 24 * 60? Um a lot. 1,440 times a day. 24 * 60? Um a lot. 1,440 times a day. I mean, like if you could run an I mean, like if you could run an I mean, like if you could run an experiment 1,044 times a day experiment 1,044 times a day experiment 1,044 times a day you know, even if like only 2% of these

[1:44:46] you know, even if like only 2% of these you know, even if like only 2% of these are actually good, that's like, I don't are actually good, that's like, I don't are actually good, that's like, I don't know, about 30 changes that improve. And know, about 30 changes that improve. And know, about 30 changes that improve. And if every change improves things by 1%, if every change improves things by 1%, if every change improves things by 1%, what you've just done, to be clear, is what you've just done, to be clear, is what you've just done, to be clear, is you've gone 1.1 raised to 30 1.01 raised you've gone 1.1 raised to 30 1.01 raised you've gone 1.1 raised to 30 1.01 raised to 30. to 30. to 30. Which is uh 34% Which is uh 34% Which is uh 34% improvement per day. improvement per day. improvement per day. At least in the first day. If you had, I At least in the first day. If you had, I At least in the first day. If you had, I don't know, let's say 90 of these don't know, let's say 90 of these don't know, let's say 90 of these changes be good, then this math ends up changes be good, then this math ends up changes be good, then this math ends up mathing way better for you. It's 2.4x. mathing way better for you. It's 2.4x. mathing way better for you. It's 2.4x. If you had 180 of these changes, you'd If you had 180 of these changes, you'd If you had 180 of these changes, you'd be 6x, and so on and so forth. This is

[1:45:16] be 6x, and so on and so forth. This is be 6x, and so on and so forth. This is going to go basically as high as you let going to go basically as high as you let going to go basically as high as you let it. it. it. Anyways, so going back to my Anyways, so going back to my Anyways, so going back to my anti-gravity here, um just seeing a anti-gravity here, um just seeing a anti-gravity here, um just seeing a couple of the changes, it looks like the couple of the changes, it looks like the couple of the changes, it looks like the biggest change that it has made that has biggest change that it has made that has biggest change that it has made that has actually and actively improved things actually and actively improved things actually and actively improved things was this jump between 45 and 627. was this jump between 45 and 627. was this jump between 45 and 627. So, he made some change here, content So, he made some change here, content So, he made some change here, content visibility auto, remove scroll behavior visibility auto, remove scroll behavior visibility auto, remove scroll behavior smooth, that actually significantly smooth, that actually significantly smooth, that actually significantly improved at the uh the load speed. And improved at the uh the load speed. And improved at the uh the load speed. And so, that's what it did here, and we've so, that's what it did here, and we've so, that's what it did here, and we've gone from 646 at the top to a fast gone from 646 at the top to a fast gone from 646 at the top to a fast contentful paint here of at the lowest contentful paint here of at the lowest contentful paint here of at the lowest 619.

[1:45:46] 619. 619. It looks like the least contentful paint It looks like the least contentful paint It looks like the least contentful paint did not change at all. Meaning that this did not change at all. Meaning that this did not change at all. Meaning that this currently loads in like I think 600 currently loads in like I think 600 currently loads in like I think 600 milliseconds or so, which is pretty damn milliseconds or so, which is pretty damn milliseconds or so, which is pretty damn good. Now, kind of a contrived example, good. Now, kind of a contrived example, good. Now, kind of a contrived example, since I just had AI build me this since I just had AI build me this since I just had AI build me this simplest website ever. But, you know, simplest website ever. But, you know, simplest website ever. But, you know, you could see with a more complex you could see with a more complex you could see with a more complex website, one that AI built for the most website, one that AI built for the most website, one that AI built for the most part at least initially, and then one part at least initially, and then one part at least initially, and then one that AI didn't really have a lot of time that AI didn't really have a lot of time that AI didn't really have a lot of time to optimize for, and it was a lot more to optimize for, and it was a lot more to optimize for, and it was a lot more complex design animations and stuff, complex design animations and stuff, complex design animations and stuff, we've actually improved that improved we've actually improved that improved we've actually improved that improved that by 20%. To give you guys some more that by 20%. To give you guys some more that by 20%. To give you guys some more context, there are some people out there context, there are some people out there context, there are some people out there that have applied this to projects that that have applied this to projects that that have applied this to projects that have improved metrics by like 50%. So, have improved metrics by like 50%. So, have improved metrics by like 50%. So, Tobi Lutke

[1:46:17] Tobi Lutke Tobi Lutke pointed this autonomous AI research pointed this autonomous AI research pointed this autonomous AI research um system um system um system over at By the way, this is the founder over at By the way, this is the founder over at By the way, this is the founder of Shopify, right? Big guy. Or CEO of of Shopify, right? Big guy. Or CEO of of Shopify, right? Big guy. Or CEO of Shopify, I should say. Shopify, I should say. Shopify, I should say. He ran auto research on the entire He ran auto research on the entire He ran auto research on the entire Shopify liquid code base. Now, that's Shopify liquid code base. Now, that's Shopify liquid code base. Now, that's responsible for like running more or responsible for like running more or responsible for like running more or less everything about uh Shopify. Like less everything about uh Shopify. Like less everything about uh Shopify. Like it's it's their templating liquid syntax it's it's their templating liquid syntax it's it's their templating liquid syntax language thing. It's it's a lot of language thing. It's it's a lot of language thing. It's it's a lot of freaking code. And he found that after freaking code. And he found that after freaking code. And he found that after running this for however many times, he running this for however many times, he running this for however many times, he had 53% faster combined parse plus had 53% faster combined parse plus had 53% faster combined parse plus render time, which is his main metric, render time, which is his main metric, render time, which is his main metric, 61 fewer 61% fewer object allocations,

[1:46:48] 61 fewer 61% fewer object allocations, 61 fewer 61% fewer object allocations, another metric. another metric. another metric. And things are just freaking printing And things are just freaking printing And things are just freaking printing for him. I mean, they you know, what's for him. I mean, they you know, what's for him. I mean, they you know, what's that like? Twice as fast, essentially. that like? Twice as fast, essentially. that like? Twice as fast, essentially. To think that you could just point this To think that you could just point this To think that you could just point this at something and go twice as fast in at something and go twice as fast in at something and go twice as fast in like 20, I don't know, like 30 runs or like 20, I don't know, like 30 runs or like 20, I don't know, like 30 runs or something like that, is nuts to think something like that, is nuts to think something like that, is nuts to think about. I don't know how long this took, about. I don't know how long this took, about. I don't know how long this took, maybe it was like an evening, maybe he maybe it was like an evening, maybe he maybe it was like an evening, maybe he went to bed, woke up the next morning, went to bed, woke up the next morning, went to bed, woke up the next morning, and his freaking whole code library was and his freaking whole code library was and his freaking whole code library was twice as fast. I don't I don't know. twice as fast. I don't I don't know. twice as fast. I don't I don't know. Um but yeah, I mean, like the fact that Um but yeah, I mean, like the fact that Um but yeah, I mean, like the fact that he he has done this and he can do this he he has done this and he can do this he he has done this and he can do this is obviously very impressive to anybody is obviously very impressive to anybody is obviously very impressive to anybody that has any sort of software that they that has any sort of software that they that has any sort of software that they want to optimize.

[1:47:18] want to optimize. want to optimize. So, what are like the practical So, what are like the practical So, what are like the practical takeaways? Um you can optimize basically takeaways? Um you can optimize basically takeaways? Um you can optimize basically anything you want. So, in my case, anything you want. So, in my case, anything you want. So, in my case, optimizing website. How about you guys optimizing website. How about you guys optimizing website. How about you guys make a SaaS app? Well, you can actually make a SaaS app? Well, you can actually make a SaaS app? Well, you can actually optimize that SaaS app. You can optimize optimize that SaaS app. You can optimize optimize that SaaS app. You can optimize not only the front end of the SaaS app, not only the front end of the SaaS app, not only the front end of the SaaS app, you can optimize the back end. You can you can optimize the back end. You can you can optimize the back end. You can say, "Hey, hey, here's your server. say, "Hey, hey, here's your server. say, "Hey, hey, here's your server. Here's the whole setup. I want you to Here's the whole setup. I want you to Here's the whole setup. I want you to make this load as fast as possible. I make this load as fast as possible. I make this load as fast as possible. I want like the request to come in want like the request to come in want like the request to come in instantly. Do whatever the heck it takes instantly. Do whatever the heck it takes instantly. Do whatever the heck it takes to do it. Here's a quick little test to do it. Here's a quick little test to do it. Here's a quick little test method, you know, we we time how long it method, you know, we we time how long it method, you know, we we time how long it takes for one request to come in when takes for one request to come in when takes for one request to come in when you click a button." You can just tell you click a button." You can just tell you click a button." You can just tell it that. Even if you just gave it it that. Even if you just gave it it that. Even if you just gave it literally the exact transcript that I literally the exact transcript that I literally the exact transcript that I just gave you a moment ago, it would

[1:47:49] just gave you a moment ago, it would just gave you a moment ago, it would probably do a pretty good job so long as probably do a pretty good job so long as probably do a pretty good job so long as you're in the auto research framework. you're in the auto research framework. you're in the auto research framework. You can optimize random tiny things in You can optimize random tiny things in You can optimize random tiny things in your business. I mean, there are your business. I mean, there are your business. I mean, there are probably some like interfaces, random probably some like interfaces, random probably some like interfaces, random little modules, and stuff like that in little modules, and stuff like that in little modules, and stuff like that in your company that like, you know, could your company that like, you know, could your company that like, you know, could be way faster and way better. You can be way faster and way better. You can be way faster and way better. You can actually optimize that. You can optimize actually optimize that. You can optimize actually optimize that. You can optimize things like customer support queries. things like customer support queries. things like customer support queries. You could like, I don't know, have like You could like, I don't know, have like You could like, I don't know, have like a prompt, let's say, that like an AI a prompt, let's say, that like an AI a prompt, let's say, that like an AI agent uses in order to handle customer agent uses in order to handle customer agent uses in order to handle customer support. And maybe you're running some support. And maybe you're running some support. And maybe you're running some big enterprise. Maybe you're plugged in big enterprise. Maybe you're plugged in big enterprise. Maybe you're plugged in to a big enterprise and you have the to a big enterprise and you have the to a big enterprise and you have the ability to collect this data. You can ability to collect this data. You can ability to collect this data. You can actually just like test modifying the actually just like test modifying the actually just like test modifying the prompt and then like waiting, I don't prompt and then like waiting, I don't prompt and then like waiting, I don't know, like an hour and then seeing the know, like an hour and then seeing the know, like an hour and then seeing the changes. And, you know, it's an hour,

[1:48:19] changes. And, you know, it's an hour, changes. And, you know, it's an hour, which is kind of a loop, but it's still which is kind of a loop, but it's still which is kind of a loop, but it's still 24 changes a day. You could like 24 changes a day. You could like 24 changes a day. You could like meaningfully modify that and move that meaningfully modify that and move that meaningfully modify that and move that in the direction towards your goal. in the direction towards your goal. in the direction towards your goal. You can do cold email. That's personally You can do cold email. That's personally You can do cold email. That's personally what I'm using this for. Cold email is what I'm using this for. Cold email is what I'm using this for. Cold email is kind of a special case because again, kind of a special case because again, kind of a special case because again, you need a fair amount more time, but you need a fair amount more time, but you need a fair amount more time, but I'm still capable of doing something I'm still capable of doing something I'm still capable of doing something like six to 10 tests a day at like over like six to 10 tests a day at like over like six to 10 tests a day at like over 500 to 1,000 emails per test, which is 500 to 1,000 emails per test, which is 500 to 1,000 emails per test, which is pretty damn good. pretty damn good. pretty damn good. You can optimize a bunch of other things You can optimize a bunch of other things You can optimize a bunch of other things as well. You can optimize like your ad as well. You can optimize like your ad as well. You can optimize like your ad creative. You can optimize your copy. creative. You can optimize your copy. creative. You can optimize your copy. You can optimize your conversion rate by You can optimize your conversion rate by You can optimize your conversion rate by making minor changes to a page. You can making minor changes to a page. You can making minor changes to a page. You can really have AI agents optimize whatever really have AI agents optimize whatever really have AI agents optimize whatever the heck you want so long as you have the heck you want so long as you have the heck you want so long as you have the volume of data necessary in order to

[1:48:50] the volume of data necessary in order to the volume of data necessary in order to like construct the test. like construct the test. like construct the test. So, hopefully I made it really clear how So, hopefully I made it really clear how So, hopefully I made it really clear how all this stuff works. So, all you really all this stuff works. So, all you really all this stuff works. So, all you really have to do is just head over to, you have to do is just head over to, you have to do is just head over to, you know, that Karpathy auto research know, that Karpathy auto research know, that Karpathy auto research that Karpathy auto research, sorry, not that Karpathy auto research, sorry, not that Karpathy auto research, sorry, not that one, that one, that one, um library or repo over here. um library or repo over here. um library or repo over here. Okay? And then just copy that puppy in, Okay? And then just copy that puppy in, Okay? And then just copy that puppy in, clone it inside of your repo, and then clone it inside of your repo, and then clone it inside of your repo, and then just do away on whatever task you have. just do away on whatever task you have. just do away on whatever task you have. The simplest and easiest one for you The simplest and easiest one for you The simplest and easiest one for you guys to see how things work are guys to see how things work are guys to see how things work are obviously the website ones. But yeah, obviously the website ones. But yeah, obviously the website ones. But yeah, just know that like you can apply this just know that like you can apply this just know that like you can apply this to more or less anything. As long as you to more or less anything. As long as you to more or less anything. As long as you have those three points that I have those three points that I have those three points that I mentioned, you need a metric to

[1:49:20] mentioned, you need a metric to mentioned, you need a metric to optimize, you need a change method or a optimize, you need a change method or a optimize, you need a change method or a way to influence that metric, and then way to influence that metric, and then way to influence that metric, and then ultimately you need an assessment. ultimately you need an assessment. ultimately you need an assessment. Next, I'd like to talk about automation. Next, I'd like to talk about automation. Next, I'd like to talk about automation. Specifically, automating things on the Specifically, automating things on the Specifically, automating things on the internet. We're going to start with HTTP internet. We're going to start with HTTP internet. We're going to start with HTTP requests, then we're going to move up to requests, then we're going to move up to requests, then we're going to move up to browser automation, and then finally, browser automation, and then finally, browser automation, and then finally, we're going to round it off with we're going to round it off with we're going to round it off with computer automation. And I'll talk about computer automation. And I'll talk about computer automation. And I'll talk about a bunch of different platforms you could a bunch of different platforms you could a bunch of different platforms you could use and ways to do more or less all of use and ways to do more or less all of use and ways to do more or less all of these things. these things. these things. So, HTTP requests are probably the So, HTTP requests are probably the So, HTTP requests are probably the simplest and easiest form of, you know, simplest and easiest form of, you know, simplest and easiest form of, you know, internet automation. And Cloud Code does internet automation. And Cloud Code does internet automation. And Cloud Code does this natively. And in case you guys

[1:49:51] this natively. And in case you guys this natively. And in case you guys didn't know, HTTP stands for Hypertext didn't know, HTTP stands for Hypertext didn't know, HTTP stands for Hypertext Transfer Protocol. Transfer Protocol. Transfer Protocol. And essentially, every time I send a And essentially, every time I send a And essentially, every time I send a request to a website, basically every request to a website, basically every request to a website, basically every time I try and load one, what I'm doing time I try and load one, what I'm doing time I try and load one, what I'm doing is I'm sending a HTTP GET request is I'm sending a HTTP GET request is I'm sending a HTTP GET request to the server upon which my website is to the server upon which my website is to the server upon which my website is located. And then my browser will take located. And then my browser will take located. And then my browser will take the response, and then mark it up and the response, and then mark it up and the response, and then mark it up and make it look all pretty. make it look all pretty. make it look all pretty. So, for instance, let's just like rerun So, for instance, let's just like rerun So, for instance, let's just like rerun that one more time. My browser, the that one more time. My browser, the that one more time. My browser, the client, decides it wants to access client, decides it wants to access client, decides it wants to access leftclick.ai leftclick.ai leftclick.ai on account of I just typed it into my on account of I just typed it into my on account of I just typed it into my freaking page. The second I press enter,

[1:50:22] freaking page. The second I press enter, freaking page. The second I press enter, what we're doing is we're actually what we're doing is we're actually what we're doing is we're actually sending a request over to their server, sending a request over to their server, sending a request over to their server, okay, which is located at some IP okay, which is located at some IP okay, which is located at some IP address. And that server is configured address. And that server is configured address. And that server is configured to automatically respond to the request to automatically respond to the request to automatically respond to the request of that kind by just dumping the whole of that kind by just dumping the whole of that kind by just dumping the whole website and giving it to you. And so, website and giving it to you. And so, website and giving it to you. And so, then my browser takes that whole then my browser takes that whole then my browser takes that whole website, and then it like marks it up, website, and then it like marks it up, website, and then it like marks it up, and now I can see it, right? and now I can see it, right? and now I can see it, right? Now, you might be wondering, what Now, you might be wondering, what Now, you might be wondering, what exactly is it marking up? Well, if you exactly is it marking up? Well, if you exactly is it marking up? Well, if you view the source of the website, which is view the source of the website, which is view the source of the website, which is pretty easy to do. You can go to any pretty easy to do. You can go to any pretty easy to do. You can go to any website, just right click, press view website, just right click, press view website, just right click, press view page source, and you'll see all the page source, and you'll see all the page source, and you'll see all the HTML. HTML. HTML. You can see that what a website is You can see that what a website is You can see that what a website is actually sending and receiving is not actually sending and receiving is not actually sending and receiving is not like the pretty images and stuff like

[1:50:52] like the pretty images and stuff like like the pretty images and stuff like that. It's It's usually just sending that. It's It's usually just sending that. It's It's usually just sending references to those images. And um this references to those images. And um this references to those images. And um this is actually the content of the website. is actually the content of the website. is actually the content of the website. My browser just has mechanisms inside of My browser just has mechanisms inside of My browser just has mechanisms inside of it that just know how to turn this into it that just know how to turn this into it that just know how to turn this into that. that. that. Okay, so case in point, um the Okay, so case in point, um the Okay, so case in point, um the definitive AI growth partner for definitive AI growth partner for definitive AI growth partner for fast-moving B2B companies. This didn't fast-moving B2B companies. This didn't fast-moving B2B companies. This didn't just like come out of nowhere. It's not just like come out of nowhere. It's not just like come out of nowhere. It's not like this is like an image. This is like this is like an image. This is like this is like an image. This is actual text on a page, right? If I go actual text on a page, right? If I go actual text on a page, right? If I go the definitive, you could see that it's the definitive, you could see that it's the definitive, you could see that it's actually being represented on the kind actually being represented on the kind actually being represented on the kind of code of the page that is being sent of code of the page that is being sent of code of the page that is being sent from the server every time I make an from the server every time I make an from the server every time I make an HTTP get request. The definitive AI HTTP get request. The definitive AI HTTP get request. The definitive AI growth partner for fast-growing B2B

[1:51:22] growth partner for fast-growing B2B growth partner for fast-growing B2B companies. companies. companies. All right. So, why is this relevant to All right. So, why is this relevant to All right. So, why is this relevant to us? Well, because of the first aspect us? Well, because of the first aspect us? Well, because of the first aspect &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; of any sort of browser automation, doing &gt;&gt; of any sort of browser automation, doing &gt;&gt; of any sort of browser automation, doing things on the internet, I should say. things on the internet, I should say. things on the internet, I should say. Not browser automation, but like Not browser automation, but like Not browser automation, but like automating network tasks. automating network tasks. automating network tasks. Is this Hypertext Transfer Protocol. Is this Hypertext Transfer Protocol. Is this Hypertext Transfer Protocol. Claude and other AI models now have the Claude and other AI models now have the Claude and other AI models now have the ability to use web tools to basically ability to use web tools to basically ability to use web tools to basically make HTTP requests of the kind that I make HTTP requests of the kind that I make HTTP requests of the kind that I just showed you. And that allows it to just showed you. And that allows it to just showed you. And that allows it to do a tremendous number of things. Not do a tremendous number of things. Not do a tremendous number of things. Not all things, but a tremendous number of all things, but a tremendous number of all things, but a tremendous number of things, if you know how to use it right. things, if you know how to use it right. things, if you know how to use it right. So, the simplest and easiest way for me

[1:51:52] So, the simplest and easiest way for me So, the simplest and easiest way for me to demonstrate that is you can actually to demonstrate that is you can actually to demonstrate that is you can actually just like scrape any website you want just like scrape any website you want just like scrape any website you want now with Claude or any other agent. now with Claude or any other agent. now with Claude or any other agent. Hopefully, it's pretty clear and obvious Hopefully, it's pretty clear and obvious Hopefully, it's pretty clear and obvious how. What we do is we just take the URL. how. What we do is we just take the URL. how. What we do is we just take the URL. We go back to our agent, which in my We go back to our agent, which in my We go back to our agent, which in my case is this auto research one. Then, case is this auto research one. Then, case is this auto research one. Then, I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say, "Retrieve contents of this. "Retrieve contents of this. "Retrieve contents of this. Just the text." Just the text." Just the text." What this is going to do next is this is What this is going to do next is this is What this is going to do next is this is obviously going to send the HTTP request obviously going to send the HTTP request obviously going to send the HTTP request using the web fetch tool over at using the web fetch tool over at using the web fetch tool over at https://leftclick.ai. https://leftclick.ai. https://leftclick.ai. And now, what it what will have gotten And now, what it what will have gotten And now, what it what will have gotten back, okay, is it will have gotten back

[1:52:22] back, okay, is it will have gotten back back, okay, is it will have gotten back exactly what I just showed you a moment exactly what I just showed you a moment exactly what I just showed you a moment ago, okay, which is all of this. Now, ago, okay, which is all of this. Now, ago, okay, which is all of this. Now, because I said just the text, if I go because I said just the text, if I go because I said just the text, if I go back here, you can see that it is back here, you can see that it is back here, you can see that it is extracted, sort of stripped all of the extracted, sort of stripped all of the extracted, sort of stripped all of the code here, and it's returning basically code here, and it's returning basically code here, and it's returning basically just the stuff that I can actually see. just the stuff that I can actually see. just the stuff that I can actually see. So, what did it say? Navigation, case So, what did it say? Navigation, case So, what did it say? Navigation, case studies about services, reviews let's studies about services, reviews let's studies about services, reviews let's talk, case studies about services, talk, case studies about services, talk, case studies about services, reviews let's talk, the definitive AI reviews let's talk, the definitive AI reviews let's talk, the definitive AI growth partner for fast-growing B2B growth partner for fast-growing B2B growth partner for fast-growing B2B companies. See it right over here. companies. See it right over here. companies. See it right over here. You know, worked with Anthropic, Notion, You know, worked with Anthropic, Notion, You know, worked with Anthropic, Notion, Wix, HeyGen, Vizard, Lightricks, Wix, HeyGen, Vizard, Lightricks, Wix, HeyGen, Vizard, Lightricks, Durable, and so on and so on and so Durable, and so on and so on and so Durable, and so on and so on and so forth, right?

[1:52:53] forth, right? forth, right? So, I guess what I'm trying to say is So, I guess what I'm trying to say is So, I guess what I'm trying to say is like this is a simple way that I can get like this is a simple way that I can get like this is a simple way that I can get data. data. data. And so, one of the first and most And so, one of the first and most And so, one of the first and most elementary uses of, you know, any sort elementary uses of, you know, any sort elementary uses of, you know, any sort of coding agent is just you can automate of coding agent is just you can automate of coding agent is just you can automate website scraping really easily. So, I website scraping really easily. So, I website scraping really easily. So, I could give it a simple list of tasks, could give it a simple list of tasks, could give it a simple list of tasks, and I could say, "Hey, I want you to and I could say, "Hey, I want you to and I could say, "Hey, I want you to scrape like 400 different websites." I scrape like 400 different websites." I scrape like 400 different websites." I could literally just give it a big array could literally just give it a big array could literally just give it a big array top to bottom. It could go out and it top to bottom. It could go out and it top to bottom. It could go out and it could do the scraping. could do the scraping. could do the scraping. Now, the issue is a lot of the time, Now, the issue is a lot of the time, Now, the issue is a lot of the time, okay, you want to go further than just okay, you want to go further than just okay, you want to go further than just scraping, than just reading a website. scraping, than just reading a website. scraping, than just reading a website. What you want to do is you actually want What you want to do is you actually want What you want to do is you actually want to dynamically interact with a website to dynamically interact with a website to dynamically interact with a website and change things. and change things. and change things. So, for instance, let's say what I'm

[1:53:24] So, for instance, let's say what I'm So, for instance, let's say what I'm doing is I'm getting a big list of all doing is I'm getting a big list of all doing is I'm getting a big list of all of the agencies out there, the AI of the agencies out there, the AI of the agencies out there, the AI agencies like Left Click, and I want to agencies like Left Click, and I want to agencies like Left Click, and I want to send them all messages. send them all messages. send them all messages. Well, [clears throat] Well, [clears throat] Well, [clears throat] you know, I could just scrape every you know, I could just scrape every you know, I could just scrape every single website to see if there's an single website to see if there's an single website to see if there's an email address, right? But, in my case, email address, right? But, in my case, email address, right? But, in my case, maybe there's no email address. So, what maybe there's no email address. So, what maybe there's no email address. So, what do I want to do? I want to take that do I want to do? I want to take that do I want to do? I want to take that next step. The way that I do so is next step. The way that I do so is next step. The way that I do so is usually through some sort of form or usually through some sort of form or usually through some sort of form or whatever. How do I automate the clicking whatever. How do I automate the clicking whatever. How do I automate the clicking of a specific button? of a specific button? of a specific button? It's kind of difficult to do, right? I It's kind of difficult to do, right? I It's kind of difficult to do, right? I can't just automate the clicking of a can't just automate the clicking of a can't just automate the clicking of a specific button um through an HTTP specific button um through an HTTP specific button um through an HTTP request because, you know, this is request because, you know, this is request because, you know, this is something more than HTTP. It's kind of

[1:53:54] something more than HTTP. It's kind of something more than HTTP. It's kind of JavaScript. I could try, and some JavaScript. I could try, and some JavaScript. I could try, and some websites I'll be able to. So, hacking websites I'll be able to. So, hacking websites I'll be able to. So, hacking this, this, this, "Hey, uh extract the cal.com link for "Hey, uh extract the cal.com link for "Hey, uh extract the cal.com link for me, me, me, and then open and then open and then open in Chrome." Now, going one step further, in Chrome." Now, going one step further, in Chrome." Now, going one step further, okay, we're going to open this link in okay, we're going to open this link in okay, we're going to open this link in Chrome, so we actually have this link Chrome, so we actually have this link Chrome, so we actually have this link available. And there are some services available. And there are some services available. And there are some services out there where you can actually just out there where you can actually just out there where you can actually just send an HTTP request to actually like send an HTTP request to actually like send an HTTP request to actually like book a meeting on a page. But, you might book a meeting on a page. But, you might book a meeting on a page. But, you might think like in order to do that, I'm think like in order to do that, I'm think like in order to do that, I'm actually have to click on this button actually have to click on this button actually have to click on this button and then type this in and then enter a and then type this in and then enter a and then type this in and then enter a bunch of information and so on and so bunch of information and so on and so bunch of information and so on and so forth. Turns out I can actually just use

[1:54:24] forth. Turns out I can actually just use forth. Turns out I can actually just use HTTP requests. So, I'm just going to HTTP requests. So, I'm just going to HTTP requests. So, I'm just going to say, "Book a meeting for 3:30 p.m. say, "Book a meeting for 3:30 p.m. say, "Book a meeting for 3:30 p.m. tomorrow. First name test, last name tomorrow. First name test, last name tomorrow. First name test, last name test, email nick@test.com." And without test, email nick@test.com." And without test, email nick@test.com." And without any more information, what it's going to any more information, what it's going to any more information, what it's going to do do do is it's going to go and it's going to is it's going to go and it's going to is it's going to go and it's going to find the API documentation. find the API documentation. find the API documentation. It's then going to check the It's then going to check the It's then going to check the availability using the API availability using the API availability using the API documentation, and then finally it's documentation, and then finally it's documentation, and then finally it's going to ask to book. So, I'm going to going to ask to book. So, I'm going to going to ask to book. So, I'm going to say 3:30 p.m. March 30th. say 3:30 p.m. March 30th. say 3:30 p.m. March 30th. Then it's going to go and actually do Then it's going to go and actually do Then it's going to go and actually do the booking. But, do you notice how many the booking. But, do you notice how many the booking. But, do you notice how many issues there are and errors there are issues there are and errors there are issues there are and errors there are with this? This obviously isn't perfect. with this? This obviously isn't perfect. with this? This obviously isn't perfect. Now, I could theoretically figure out Now, I could theoretically figure out Now, I could theoretically figure out the exact schema and format that I need

[1:54:54] the exact schema and format that I need the exact schema and format that I need to use in order to send requests like to use in order to send requests like to use in order to send requests like this every single time that I try and this every single time that I try and this every single time that I try and book like a cal.com. But, the The is book like a cal.com. But, the The is book like a cal.com. But, the The is like not everybody's going to have a like not everybody's going to have a like not everybody's going to have a cal.com. What I'm doing here is I'm cal.com. What I'm doing here is I'm cal.com. What I'm doing here is I'm building a very particular solution that building a very particular solution that building a very particular solution that solves my one particular problem, the solves my one particular problem, the solves my one particular problem, the HTTP request. And even then, you know, HTTP request. And even then, you know, HTTP request. And even then, you know, there's just going to be some back and there's just going to be some back and there's just going to be some back and forth. It's not going to be It's not forth. It's not going to be It's not forth. It's not going to be It's not going to be perfect. And this has taken going to be perfect. And this has taken going to be perfect. And this has taken forever. I mean, I've been sitting here forever. I mean, I've been sitting here forever. I mean, I've been sitting here for like 10, 15 minutes. It's trying its for like 10, 15 minutes. It's trying its for like 10, 15 minutes. It's trying its best. It's booking with a variety of best. It's booking with a variety of best. It's booking with a variety of different means. And I don't know, who different means. And I don't know, who different means. And I don't know, who knows? Maybe it'll actually go and do knows? Maybe it'll actually go and do knows? Maybe it'll actually go and do the booking. Okay, there we go. We the booking. Okay, there we go. We the booking. Okay, there we go. We actually did end up doing the booking. actually did end up doing the booking. actually did end up doing the booking. Thank goodness. Thank goodness. Thank goodness. That said, that took forever. It was

[1:55:25] That said, that took forever. It was That said, that took forever. It was obviously a very fragile solution that obviously a very fragile solution that obviously a very fragile solution that only works with like particular cal.com only works with like particular cal.com only works with like particular cal.com pages, right? So, that's where we move pages, right? So, that's where we move pages, right? So, that's where we move to the next level of automation. That's to the next level of automation. That's to the next level of automation. That's where we go from simple HTTP request, where we go from simple HTTP request, where we go from simple HTTP request, which, you know, most services out there which, you know, most services out there which, you know, most services out there will have some sort of API application will have some sort of API application will have some sort of API application programming interface that you can programming interface that you can programming interface that you can actually communicate with. actually communicate with. actually communicate with. But, um, you know, they're super But, um, you know, they're super But, um, you know, they're super fragile. They require very particular fragile. They require very particular fragile. They require very particular formats. And as you can see, they they formats. And as you can see, they they formats. And as you can see, they they can take a really long time. And then can take a really long time. And then can take a really long time. And then they're very narrow. they're very narrow. they're very narrow. That's where we move from sort of like That's where we move from sort of like That's where we move from sort of like the first level of automation, HTTP the first level of automation, HTTP the first level of automation, HTTP request, all the way to full-scale request, all the way to full-scale request, all the way to full-scale browser automation, which is where uh browser automation, which is where uh browser automation, which is where uh Cloud actually fully controls your

[1:55:55] Cloud actually fully controls your Cloud actually fully controls your browser. browser. browser. And, you know, there there are a couple And, you know, there there are a couple And, you know, there there are a couple of built-in tools with this now, but of built-in tools with this now, but of built-in tools with this now, but typically the best way to do this is typically the best way to do this is typically the best way to do this is using one of the two tools, at least as using one of the two tools, at least as using one of the two tools, at least as of the time of this recording, um Chrome of the time of this recording, um Chrome of the time of this recording, um Chrome DevTools DevTools DevTools MCP, MCP, MCP, or there's also the browser or there's also the browser or there's also the browser use platform, which actually is pretty use platform, which actually is pretty use platform, which actually is pretty new, pretty recent, but it costs a fair new, pretty recent, but it costs a fair new, pretty recent, but it costs a fair amount of money. And so, what this does amount of money. And so, what this does amount of money. And so, what this does is instead of just sending HTTP requests is instead of just sending HTTP requests is instead of just sending HTTP requests under the hood, under the hood, under the hood, what this does is it actually loads up a what this does is it actually loads up a what this does is it actually loads up a whole browser for you and then goes whole browser for you and then goes whole browser for you and then goes through the process of doing a booking. through the process of doing a booking. through the process of doing a booking. So, you see how hard it was for me to do

[1:56:26] So, you see how hard it was for me to do So, you see how hard it was for me to do this, you know, sort of simple task of this, you know, sort of simple task of this, you know, sort of simple task of like booking a meeting on a calendar like booking a meeting on a calendar like booking a meeting on a calendar even though I gave it the exact time, even though I gave it the exact time, even though I gave it the exact time, the exact information, and so on and so the exact information, and so on and so the exact information, and so on and so forth. That might just take a human forth. That might just take a human forth. That might just take a human being 1 second. It took me like being 1 second. It took me like being 1 second. It took me like something like 5 minutes of back and something like 5 minutes of back and something like 5 minutes of back and forth and probably like 40 bucks of forth and probably like 40 bucks of forth and probably like 40 bucks of tokens. So, meanwhile, I can open up a tokens. So, meanwhile, I can open up a tokens. So, meanwhile, I can open up a page that has Chrome DevTools MCP, and I page that has Chrome DevTools MCP, and I page that has Chrome DevTools MCP, and I could basically say, "Go here, book a could basically say, "Go here, book a could basically say, "Go here, book a 30-minute meeting for, uh, I don't know, 30-minute meeting for, uh, I don't know, 30-minute meeting for, uh, I don't know, March 30th at 3:00 p.m., March 30th at 3:00 p.m., March 30th at 3:00 p.m., Nick Test, nick@test.com, Nick Test, nick@test.com, Nick Test, nick@test.com, answer a bunch of demo stuff for any answer a bunch of demo stuff for any answer a bunch of demo stuff for any booking cues."

[1:56:57] booking cues." booking cues." Can I I I I just want you to look at Can I I I I just want you to look at Can I I I I just want you to look at what's going on. I was just using Chrome what's going on. I was just using Chrome what's going on. I was just using Chrome somewhere else, so it's just going to somewhere else, so it's just going to somewhere else, so it's just going to kill the pre-existing um instance, but kill the pre-existing um instance, but kill the pre-existing um instance, but now it's actually going to open up a new now it's actually going to open up a new now it's actually going to open up a new one. I want you to notice that like this one. I want you to notice that like this one. I want you to notice that like this is actually like opening up a freaking is actually like opening up a freaking is actually like opening up a freaking instance on my browser. And then it's instance on my browser. And then it's instance on my browser. And then it's scrolling through and it's clicking on scrolling through and it's clicking on scrolling through and it's clicking on buttons and navigating on them uh buttons and navigating on them uh buttons and navigating on them uh navigating through the page for me. It's navigating through the page for me. It's navigating through the page for me. It's literally doing this by modifying the literally doing this by modifying the literally doing this by modifying the JavaScript of the page and running brief JavaScript of the page and running brief JavaScript of the page and running brief little commands in order to like little commands in order to like little commands in order to like communicate and go through things. So, communicate and go through things. So, communicate and go through things. So, it's filling up the phone number, what it's filling up the phone number, what it's filling up the phone number, what made you want to contact Next Team, made you want to contact Next Team, made you want to contact Next Team, what's the project budget, please share

[1:57:27] what's the project budget, please share what's the project budget, please share anything that will help us prepare and anything that will help us prepare and anything that will help us prepare and so on and so forth. I think the project so on and so forth. I think the project so on and so forth. I think the project budget in this case might not actually budget in this case might not actually budget in this case might not actually be um 5 or 10 I I don't even think be um 5 or 10 I I don't even think be um 5 or 10 I I don't even think that's a an option cuz we don't go that that's a an option cuz we don't go that that's a an option cuz we don't go that cheap. As you can see here, it's finding cheap. As you can see here, it's finding cheap. As you can see here, it's finding the options for the budget, selecting 25 the options for the budget, selecting 25 the options for the budget, selecting 25 to 50K, and then it actually goes to 50K, and then it actually goes to 50K, and then it actually goes through and it does it. through and it does it. through and it does it. So, what are we learning from this So, what are we learning from this So, what are we learning from this experience? experience? experience? This is much more general, okay? It This is much more general, okay? It This is much more general, okay? It works way better for much wider variety works way better for much wider variety works way better for much wider variety of use cases. of use cases. of use cases. But it's also a lot slower. But it's also a lot slower. But it's also a lot slower. Right, this is something that previously Right, this is something that previously Right, this is something that previously um I could have just sent one HTTP um I could have just sent one HTTP um I could have just sent one HTTP request once I know the format, and then request once I know the format, and then request once I know the format, and then I would have like booked that for like

[1:57:57] I would have like booked that for like I would have like booked that for like 0.2 seconds, right? But now, you know, 0.2 seconds, right? But now, you know, 0.2 seconds, right? But now, you know, we're kind of going through the page one we're kind of going through the page one we're kind of going through the page one step at a time. Every single one of step at a time. Every single one of step at a time. Every single one of these actions realistically is kind of these actions realistically is kind of these actions realistically is kind of like a it's it's almost like the same like a it's it's almost like the same like a it's it's almost like the same amount of time that a single HTTP amount of time that a single HTTP amount of time that a single HTTP request would take. Now, what it's doing request would take. Now, what it's doing request would take. Now, what it's doing is actually deleting um you know, my is actually deleting um you know, my is actually deleting um you know, my numbers and trying to reformulate numbers and trying to reformulate numbers and trying to reformulate numbers and stuff like that in order to numbers and stuff like that in order to numbers and stuff like that in order to like make it a valid phone number. And like make it a valid phone number. And like make it a valid phone number. And you know, after a little bit of you know, after a little bit of you know, after a little bit of finagling, it it actually ended up finagling, it it actually ended up finagling, it it actually ended up finishing it, which is nice. So, it finishing it, which is nice. So, it finishing it, which is nice. So, it actually went through, it confirmed it, actually went through, it confirmed it, actually went through, it confirmed it, it then went through the booking process it then went through the booking process it then went through the booking process and so on and so forth. It actually took and so on and so forth. It actually took and so on and so forth. It actually took screenshots the whole way through of the screenshots the whole way through of the screenshots the whole way through of the process. process. process. So, um why am I showing you this now?

[1:58:27] So, um why am I showing you this now? So, um why am I showing you this now? Because Because Because basically this is a gradient basically this is a gradient basically this is a gradient where it takes more setup time where it takes more setup time where it takes more setup time to do browser or any sort of automation to do browser or any sort of automation to do browser or any sort of automation via HTTP request, via HTTP request, via HTTP request, but it's faster but it's faster but it's faster and usually cheaper. and usually cheaper. and usually cheaper. And there's a spectrum where we go from And there's a spectrum where we go from And there's a spectrum where we go from more setup time, faster and cheaper, to more setup time, faster and cheaper, to more setup time, faster and cheaper, to basically always works, but more basically always works, but more basically always works, but more expensive and slower expensive and slower expensive and slower assuming that you you don't. assuming that you you don't. assuming that you you don't. And so what does that mean? That means And so what does that mean? That means And so what does that mean? That means for any sort of like prototyping

[1:58:57] for any sort of like prototyping for any sort of like prototyping business application on a browser, I business application on a browser, I business application on a browser, I typically use browser automation or even typically use browser automation or even typically use browser automation or even computer automation which I'll talk computer automation which I'll talk computer automation which I'll talk about. And then once I've sorted out about. And then once I've sorted out about. And then once I've sorted out that it works, I'll actually go and I'll that it works, I'll actually go and I'll that it works, I'll actually go and I'll see, "Hey, can we do this via an HTTP see, "Hey, can we do this via an HTTP see, "Hey, can we do this via an HTTP request?" because if so, it'll be way request?" because if so, it'll be way request?" because if so, it'll be way cheaper and then we can just run a bunch cheaper and then we can just run a bunch cheaper and then we can just run a bunch of HTTP requests in the background. of HTTP requests in the background. of HTTP requests in the background. That's important because like most of That's important because like most of That's important because like most of the time like the cool stuff that you the time like the cool stuff that you the time like the cool stuff that you can do with cloud is actually just like can do with cloud is actually just like can do with cloud is actually just like automation, right? So understanding sort automation, right? So understanding sort automation, right? So understanding sort of this trade-off between pure HTTP of this trade-off between pure HTTP of this trade-off between pure HTTP requests which typically function off of requests which typically function off of requests which typically function off of like, you know, hidden APIs or whatever. like, you know, hidden APIs or whatever. like, you know, hidden APIs or whatever. And then browser automation full And then browser automation full And then browser automation full computer automation um will let you be computer automation um will let you be computer automation um will let you be able to control a lot of things much

[1:59:27] able to control a lot of things much able to control a lot of things much better. better. better. So that's just one example of browser So that's just one example of browser So that's just one example of browser automation. I could I could use browser automation. I could I could use browser automation. I could I could use browser automation for anything. Hey, I'm automation for anything. Hey, I'm automation for anything. Hey, I'm considering renting in Vancouver, BC considering renting in Vancouver, BC considering renting in Vancouver, BC looking for $3,000 a month uh max looking for $3,000 a month uh max looking for $3,000 a month uh max one-bedroom rentals somewhere in the one-bedroom rentals somewhere in the one-bedroom rentals somewhere in the downtown core or in buildings that have downtown core or in buildings that have downtown core or in buildings that have cool amenities like pools and stuff. And cool amenities like pools and stuff. And cool amenities like pools and stuff. And then the bottom two are sort of like our then the bottom two are sort of like our then the bottom two are sort of like our budget options. I could stick that puppy budget options. I could stick that puppy budget options. I could stick that puppy in there and then it'll actually go in there and then it'll actually go in there and then it'll actually go through and, you know, navigate to some through and, you know, navigate to some through and, you know, navigate to some rentals.ca page. rentals.ca page. rentals.ca page. I couldn't do this via HTTP requests uh I couldn't do this via HTTP requests uh I couldn't do this via HTTP requests uh without spending a lot of time sorting without spending a lot of time sorting without spending a lot of time sorting all this stuff out. And even then it all this stuff out. And even then it all this stuff out. And even then it would be very fragile because the way

[1:59:57] would be very fragile because the way would be very fragile because the way that these websites work is they that these websites work is they that these websites work is they actually like explicitly try and go actually like explicitly try and go actually like explicitly try and go anti-automation. They make it like anti-automation. They make it like anti-automation. They make it like really, really difficult to do anything. really, really difficult to do anything. really, really difficult to do anything. But um you know, in this case what can I But um you know, in this case what can I But um you know, in this case what can I do? I can actually just open it up. I do? I can actually just open it up. I do? I can actually just open it up. I can change a couple of filters and I can can change a couple of filters and I can can change a couple of filters and I can actually go and like zoom in on the actually go and like zoom in on the actually go and like zoom in on the page. It page. It page. It It can do whatever the heck. It can use It can do whatever the heck. It can use It can do whatever the heck. It can use the stuff on the right-hand side. I the stuff on the right-hand side. I the stuff on the right-hand side. I could You could use the stuff in the could You could use the stuff in the could You could use the stuff in the middle. middle. middle. It can thumb through things. It can get It can thumb through things. It can get It can thumb through things. It can get me like a big list of apartments and so me like a big list of apartments and so me like a big list of apartments and so on and so forth. on and so forth. on and so forth. And I mean like the trade-off here is And I mean like the trade-off here is And I mean like the trade-off here is this is going to take a fair amount of this is going to take a fair amount of this is going to take a fair amount of time, right? Like as you see, it's like time, right? Like as you see, it's like time, right? Like as you see, it's like one action every 5 seconds or so. But one action every 5 seconds or so. But one action every 5 seconds or so. But it's so general that I could just give it's so general that I could just give it's so general that I could just give it a task and it will go and do it. You

[2:00:28] it a task and it will go and do it. You it a task and it will go and do it. You know, if I were to try and do this by know, if I were to try and do this by know, if I were to try and do this by saying, "Hey, go scrape the rentals.ca saying, "Hey, go scrape the rentals.ca saying, "Hey, go scrape the rentals.ca web page or whatever." That that would web page or whatever." That that would web page or whatever." That that would take so much time in order to build to take so much time in order to build to take so much time in order to build to the point where it doesn't just error the point where it doesn't just error the point where it doesn't just error out. And then most websites are also out. And then most websites are also out. And then most websites are also very anti-browser anti-HTTP request very anti-browser anti-HTTP request very anti-browser anti-HTTP request automation cuz this is the simplest and automation cuz this is the simplest and automation cuz this is the simplest and easiest one. So you end up just getting easiest one. So you end up just getting easiest one. So you end up just getting like error error error. This actually like error error error. This actually like error error error. This actually like uses my browser. It's is of neat, like uses my browser. It's is of neat, like uses my browser. It's is of neat, right? right? right? Anyway, I'm just going to let all this Anyway, I'm just going to let all this Anyway, I'm just going to let all this stuff go and uh in the meantime talk a stuff go and uh in the meantime talk a stuff go and uh in the meantime talk a little bit about browser use, which I little bit about browser use, which I little bit about browser use, which I think is probably like the the next think is probably like the the next think is probably like the the next level up.

[2:00:58] level up. level up. It's just called browser use the way the It's just called browser use the way the It's just called browser use the way the uh AI uses the internet. I don't know uh AI uses the internet. I don't know uh AI uses the internet. I don't know how long this is going to end up being how long this is going to end up being how long this is going to end up being sort of like the the way to go, but sort of like the the way to go, but sort of like the the way to go, but basically this is like the next level up basically this is like the next level up basically this is like the next level up from Chrome DevTools MCP. from Chrome DevTools MCP. from Chrome DevTools MCP. Where you give it some very simple in Where you give it some very simple in Where you give it some very simple in instructions and stuff like that, like instructions and stuff like that, like instructions and stuff like that, like fill in my loan application, and it'll fill in my loan application, and it'll fill in my loan application, and it'll actually go through the form using actually go through the form using actually go through the form using something very similar to what we did. something very similar to what we did. something very similar to what we did. Maybe it uses Chrome MC Chrome DevTools Maybe it uses Chrome MC Chrome DevTools Maybe it uses Chrome MC Chrome DevTools MCP in the head, I don't know. MCP in the head, I don't know. MCP in the head, I don't know. Um and you do it for, you know, like a Um and you do it for, you know, like a Um and you do it for, you know, like a bulk one-time payment of 100 bucks plus bulk one-time payment of 100 bucks plus bulk one-time payment of 100 bucks plus like pay-as-you-go via credits. like pay-as-you-go via credits. like pay-as-you-go via credits. So in my case, I'm not like affiliated So in my case, I'm not like affiliated So in my case, I'm not like affiliated with this company at all, to be clear.

[2:01:29] with this company at all, to be clear. with this company at all, to be clear. So I'm not going to touch on it too So I'm not going to touch on it too So I'm not going to touch on it too much, but obviously it's a pretty cool much, but obviously it's a pretty cool much, but obviously it's a pretty cool product. Um the big draw, I would say product. Um the big draw, I would say product. Um the big draw, I would say for most people here, is just like HTTP for most people here, is just like HTTP for most people here, is just like HTTP requests can be blocked because of uh requests can be blocked because of uh requests can be blocked because of uh you know, platforms and stuff like that you know, platforms and stuff like that you know, platforms and stuff like that just being scraped all the time so they just being scraped all the time so they just being scraped all the time so they try and stop you. try and stop you. try and stop you. Um so too can Chrome DevTools MCP be Um so too can Chrome DevTools MCP be Um so too can Chrome DevTools MCP be blocked in like any sort of like instant blocked in like any sort of like instant blocked in like any sort of like instant browsers. This platform, like basically browsers. This platform, like basically browsers. This platform, like basically the whole point, you know, just to kind the whole point, you know, just to kind the whole point, you know, just to kind of cut to the, you know, the pricing of cut to the, you know, the pricing of cut to the, you know, the pricing page and all that stuff, like like 99.9% page and all that stuff, like like 99.9% page and all that stuff, like like 99.9% of the reason you would want to use this of the reason you would want to use this of the reason you would want to use this is because it is completely is because it is completely is because it is completely undetectable. Um you could make HTTP

[2:01:59] undetectable. Um you could make HTTP undetectable. Um you could make HTTP requests requests requests um um um sort of the old school way and then try sort of the old school way and then try sort of the old school way and then try proxies and stuff and maybe that'll proxies and stuff and maybe that'll proxies and stuff and maybe that'll work, but maybe it also won't. But if work, but maybe it also won't. But if work, but maybe it also won't. But if you go Chrome DevTools MCP and that you go Chrome DevTools MCP and that you go Chrome DevTools MCP and that doesn't work, this is what you do and doesn't work, this is what you do and doesn't work, this is what you do and it's basically like 99.9% perfect. Um it it's basically like 99.9% perfect. Um it it's basically like 99.9% perfect. Um it does this because it fingerprints, aka does this because it fingerprints, aka does this because it fingerprints, aka like gives every one of your browser like gives every one of your browser like gives every one of your browser instances uh that are just controlled by instances uh that are just controlled by instances uh that are just controlled by AI like this hyper custom sort of AI like this hyper custom sort of AI like this hyper custom sort of profile so it seems like it's like a profile so it seems like it's like a profile so it seems like it's like a request that's made from a real person. request that's made from a real person. request that's made from a real person. And then in that way like just like And then in that way like just like And then in that way like just like obfuscates it all. So for most purposes obfuscates it all. So for most purposes obfuscates it all. So for most purposes like I still use Chrome DevTools MCP and like I still use Chrome DevTools MCP and like I still use Chrome DevTools MCP and this is like my main pick, but if I have

[2:02:29] this is like my main pick, but if I have this is like my main pick, but if I have anything that like I need to do in sort anything that like I need to do in sort anything that like I need to do in sort of a sneaky way, and uh when I say of a sneaky way, and uh when I say of a sneaky way, and uh when I say sneaky way here, I mean like this is sneaky way here, I mean like this is sneaky way here, I mean like this is great for stuff like social media. great for stuff like social media. great for stuff like social media. So if you want to do like Facebook So if you want to do like Facebook So if you want to do like Facebook scraping or Instagram scraping or if you scraping or Instagram scraping or if you scraping or Instagram scraping or if you actually want to like interact with and actually want to like interact with and actually want to like interact with and like posts and comments and stuff, like posts and comments and stuff, like posts and comments and stuff, pretty tough to do just right out of the pretty tough to do just right out of the pretty tough to do just right out of the box sort of with like a a virgin Chrome box sort of with like a a virgin Chrome box sort of with like a a virgin Chrome DevTools MCP. But, this is really, DevTools MCP. But, this is really, DevTools MCP. But, this is really, really good at like posting, um sending really good at like posting, um sending really good at like posting, um sending DMs, X connect requests, what whatever DMs, X connect requests, what whatever DMs, X connect requests, what whatever the heck you want to do. the heck you want to do. the heck you want to do. Um so, yeah, not affiliated with that Um so, yeah, not affiliated with that Um so, yeah, not affiliated with that company at all, but it is pretty sweet, company at all, but it is pretty sweet, company at all, but it is pretty sweet, and I think that that's they're probably

[2:02:59] and I think that that's they're probably and I think that that's they're probably going to remain the market leader in going to remain the market leader in going to remain the market leader in there. there. there. But, anyway, so just like HTTP requests But, anyway, so just like HTTP requests But, anyway, so just like HTTP requests had a lot of setup time, but they were had a lot of setup time, but they were had a lot of setup time, but they were faster and cheaper once you set them up. faster and cheaper once you set them up. faster and cheaper once you set them up. Browser automation was kind of like a Browser automation was kind of like a Browser automation was kind of like a good like middle ground where it's like good like middle ground where it's like good like middle ground where it's like um oh, you know, like this actually has um oh, you know, like this actually has um oh, you know, like this actually has some some basic browser functionality some some basic browser functionality some some basic browser functionality built in, and like it's pretty obvious built in, and like it's pretty obvious built in, and like it's pretty obvious how to like click a button or whatever. how to like click a button or whatever. how to like click a button or whatever. Computer automation is sort of like on Computer automation is sort of like on Computer automation is sort of like on the far end of the spectrum the far end of the spectrum the far end of the spectrum where basically no matter what you throw where basically no matter what you throw where basically no matter what you throw at it, it will always work. The downside at it, it will always work. The downside at it, it will always work. The downside is it's very expensive, takes a is it's very expensive, takes a is it's very expensive, takes a tremendous number of tokens at least tremendous number of tokens at least tremendous number of tokens at least right now, and it is very, very slow.

[2:03:29] right now, and it is very, very slow. right now, and it is very, very slow. And the way it does this is, you know, And the way it does this is, you know, And the way it does this is, you know, whereas HTTP requests manipulated like whereas HTTP requests manipulated like whereas HTTP requests manipulated like APIs and curl requests, curl's actually APIs and curl requests, curl's actually APIs and curl requests, curl's actually lower case, browser automation lower case, browser automation lower case, browser automation manipulates JavaScript and um I don't manipulates JavaScript and um I don't manipulates JavaScript and um I don't know, like page clicks, like button know, like page clicks, like button know, like page clicks, like button clicks. clicks. clicks. Computer automation literally controls Computer automation literally controls Computer automation literally controls your mouse your mouse your mouse and your keyboard. and your keyboard. and your keyboard. And because it controls your mouse and And because it controls your mouse and And because it controls your mouse and your keyboard, you can do more or less your keyboard, you can do more or less your keyboard, you can do more or less whatever the heck you want. Like, I whatever the heck you want. Like, I whatever the heck you want. Like, I could literally like you could take my could literally like you could take my could literally like you could take my mouse, and then I could go all the way mouse, and then I could go all the way mouse, and then I could go all the way up here, and then I could close that up here, and then I could close that up here, and then I could close that tab. Could move this all the way to the tab. Could move this all the way to the tab. Could move this all the way to the left, it could close that tab. Like,

[2:04:00] left, it could close that tab. Like, left, it could close that tab. Like, basically it it can do anything on the basically it it can do anything on the basically it it can do anything on the computer that I can do. computer that I can do. computer that I can do. Now, the way you do this right now is Now, the way you do this right now is Now, the way you do this right now is you got to use the Claude desktop app. you got to use the Claude desktop app. you got to use the Claude desktop app. So, I'm going to head over to Claude, So, I'm going to head over to Claude, So, I'm going to head over to Claude, and then I'm going to open that up, and and then I'm going to open that up, and and then I'm going to open that up, and then I think it's currently available in then I think it's currently available in then I think it's currently available in both co-work co-work and code, but I'll both co-work co-work and code, but I'll both co-work co-work and code, but I'll just move over to the co-work tab. And just move over to the co-work tab. And just move over to the co-work tab. And I'll say, "Have computer use I'll say, "Have computer use I'll say, "Have computer use scan through my downloads, scan through my downloads, scan through my downloads, find the um find the um find the um image called Maker School 26 image called Maker School 26 image called Maker School 26 or something, or something, or something, and then and then and then rename it to weekly community

[2:04:32] rename it to weekly community rename it to weekly community call picture." call picture." call picture." And the reason why I'm doing this is And the reason why I'm doing this is And the reason why I'm doing this is because every name week I have a weekly because every name week I have a weekly because every name week I have a weekly community call and then I always just community call and then I always just community call and then I always just lose where the images that I use as the lose where the images that I use as the lose where the images that I use as the thumbnail. And what it's going to do to thumbnail. And what it's going to do to thumbnail. And what it's going to do to start this is actually going to whip up start this is actually going to whip up start this is actually going to whip up like computer use. So, it's going to like computer use. So, it's going to like computer use. So, it's going to request access to my finder and now as request access to my finder and now as request access to my finder and now as you can see here it's actually whipped you can see here it's actually whipped you can see here it's actually whipped up like a computer use thing. up like a computer use thing. up like a computer use thing. So, now it's going to go through and So, now it's going to go through and So, now it's going to go through and actually like type in my downloads actually like type in my downloads actually like type in my downloads folder or whatever. folder or whatever. folder or whatever. Navigate over there and it's just going Navigate over there and it's just going Navigate over there and it's just going to start typing a bunch of different to start typing a bunch of different to start typing a bunch of different things like Maker School and Maker things like Maker School and Maker things like Maker School and Maker School 26 and probably try multiple

[2:05:04] School 26 and probably try multiple School 26 and probably try multiple variations of like Maker School, Maker variations of like Maker School, Maker variations of like Maker School, Maker School underscore and so on and so School underscore and so on and so School underscore and so on and so forth. forth. forth. Because it's using my mouse and my Because it's using my mouse and my Because it's using my mouse and my keyboard, you know, it can actually like keyboard, you know, it can actually like keyboard, you know, it can actually like scroll through and uh and do things. scroll through and uh and do things. scroll through and uh and do things. Now, this is like local browser Now, this is like local browser Now, this is like local browser automation. This is actually literally automation. This is actually literally automation. This is actually literally exactly what I want, which is nice. I exactly what I want, which is nice. I exactly what I want, which is nice. I could have done this in like 30 seconds, could have done this in like 30 seconds, could have done this in like 30 seconds, but it's nice that it's figuring this but it's nice that it's figuring this but it's nice that it's figuring this out. out. out. It's using like a local browser uh It's using like a local browser uh It's using like a local browser uh sorry, local sorry, local sorry, local automation here automation here automation here to like click through, scroll down, and to like click through, scroll down, and to like click through, scroll down, and stuff like that. If at any point time I stuff like that. If at any point time I stuff like that. If at any point time I want to change it, I'll say, "No, you want to change it, I'll say, "No, you want to change it, I'll say, "No, you had it. It's the

[2:05:34] had it. It's the had it. It's the the cover 26." I'll press that in just so that it knows I'll press that in just so that it knows what it's doing. All right, I just went what it's doing. All right, I just went what it's doing. All right, I just went to grab a coffee and I got back and it to grab a coffee and I got back and it to grab a coffee and I got back and it has now found the Maker School icon 26, has now found the Maker School icon 26, has now found the Maker School icon 26, renamed it to exactly what I wanted, and renamed it to exactly what I wanted, and renamed it to exactly what I wanted, and yeah, I guess I screwed up on the name, yeah, I guess I screwed up on the name, yeah, I guess I screwed up on the name, but that that was what I wanted, which but that that was what I wanted, which but that that was what I wanted, which is pretty cool. is pretty cool. is pretty cool. So, hopefully you guys could see pretty So, hopefully you guys could see pretty So, hopefully you guys could see pretty straightforward here to use computer straightforward here to use computer straightforward here to use computer automation. automation. automation. Takes a lot longer. Also consumes a lot Takes a lot longer. Also consumes a lot Takes a lot longer. Also consumes a lot more tokens because it is literally like more tokens because it is literally like more tokens because it is literally like controlling my mouse as it moves across controlling my mouse as it moves across controlling my mouse as it moves across the page, taking screenshots of the page, taking screenshots of the page, taking screenshots of everything as it does so, and the amount

[2:06:04] everything as it does so, and the amount everything as it does so, and the amount of like fidelity that it requires in of like fidelity that it requires in of like fidelity that it requires in order to do that is is pretty high. order to do that is is pretty high. order to do that is is pretty high. But um yeah, I mean like eventually, But um yeah, I mean like eventually, But um yeah, I mean like eventually, okay, put on a loop, this sort of thing okay, put on a loop, this sort of thing okay, put on a loop, this sort of thing will work. will work. will work. Uh it it might just take a tremendous Uh it it might just take a tremendous Uh it it might just take a tremendous amount of time. Just give it a task, amount of time. Just give it a task, amount of time. Just give it a task, say, "Keep going until you solve it," say, "Keep going until you solve it," say, "Keep going until you solve it," and it will do it. It will just probably and it will do it. It will just probably and it will do it. It will just probably burn your a hole through your wallet um burn your a hole through your wallet um burn your a hole through your wallet um while while it does so. while while it does so. while while it does so. Realistically, the probably core play um Realistically, the probably core play um Realistically, the probably core play um that I repeatedly fall on as somebody that I repeatedly fall on as somebody that I repeatedly fall on as somebody that designs these systems for real that designs these systems for real that designs these systems for real businesses that earn hundreds of businesses that earn hundreds of businesses that earn hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars a month thousands to millions of dollars a month thousands to millions of dollars a month is I will start with some form of

[2:06:34] is I will start with some form of is I will start with some form of browser automation for the most part browser automation for the most part browser automation for the most part since we're usually just doing this in since we're usually just doing this in since we're usually just doing this in browser. browser. browser. Um I'll usually try Chrome DevTools MCP Um I'll usually try Chrome DevTools MCP Um I'll usually try Chrome DevTools MCP first. If that doesn't work because it's first. If that doesn't work because it's first. If that doesn't work because it's like a stealth application or it's like a stealth application or it's like a stealth application or it's something that, you know, requires something that, you know, requires something that, you know, requires social media access, I'll do browser social media access, I'll do browser social media access, I'll do browser use. use. use. Once I have that flow down, you know, Once I have that flow down, you know, Once I have that flow down, you know, unless it's like a Facebook or something unless it's like a Facebook or something unless it's like a Facebook or something like that, like that, like that, cuz uh those are just notoriously cuz uh those are just notoriously cuz uh those are just notoriously difficult to like HTTP automate as well. difficult to like HTTP automate as well. difficult to like HTTP automate as well. Um assuming that it's not, what I'll do Um assuming that it's not, what I'll do Um assuming that it's not, what I'll do is I'll look to have Cloud Code build is I'll look to have Cloud Code build is I'll look to have Cloud Code build like a custom utility based off of the like a custom utility based off of the like a custom utility based off of the data that it gets from Chrome DevTools data that it gets from Chrome DevTools data that it gets from Chrome DevTools MCP because it'll have access to network

[2:07:04] MCP because it'll have access to network MCP because it'll have access to network requests and actually see the requests requests and actually see the requests requests and actually see the requests that are being sent and received. Once that are being sent and received. Once that are being sent and received. Once we have all that, then I now have like we have all that, then I now have like we have all that, then I now have like the API internally. I write a bunch of the API internally. I write a bunch of the API internally. I write a bunch of docs and have Cloud Code sort of like docs and have Cloud Code sort of like docs and have Cloud Code sort of like embed that within my workspace. And then embed that within my workspace. And then embed that within my workspace. And then the next time around I can just use HTTP the next time around I can just use HTTP the next time around I can just use HTTP requests. Although, you know, keep in requests. Although, you know, keep in requests. Although, you know, keep in mind that when you do it this way, mind that when you do it this way, mind that when you do it this way, simply because of the volume that you're simply because of the volume that you're simply because of the volume that you're able to hit and the fact that HTTP is able to hit and the fact that HTTP is able to hit and the fact that HTTP is like typically a lot more regulated than like typically a lot more regulated than like typically a lot more regulated than browser automation, um you know, there browser automation, um you know, there browser automation, um you know, there are some there are some risks to that as are some there are some risks to that as are some there are some risks to that as well. You could get rate limited, you well. You could get rate limited, you well. You could get rate limited, you could get throttled, you could also get could get throttled, you could also get could get throttled, you could also get shadow banned. shadow banned. shadow banned. So, that's the three levels of So, that's the three levels of So, that's the three levels of automating economically valuable automating economically valuable automating economically valuable knowledge work through Cloud. Um it's

[2:07:34] knowledge work through Cloud. Um it's knowledge work through Cloud. Um it's really just HTTP requests, browser really just HTTP requests, browser really just HTTP requests, browser automation, or computer automation. automation, or computer automation. automation, or computer automation. Whatever way you decide, just know that Whatever way you decide, just know that Whatever way you decide, just know that doing that sort of automation is against doing that sort of automation is against doing that sort of automation is against the terms of services of a lot of the terms of services of a lot of the terms of services of a lot of platforms that you work with. So, I'm platforms that you work with. So, I'm platforms that you work with. So, I'm not condoning this. I can't really not condoning this. I can't really not condoning this. I can't really explicitly recommend it. Just making explicitly recommend it. Just making explicitly recommend it. Just making sure that you guys understand sort of sure that you guys understand sort of sure that you guys understand sort of what's available and um what other what's available and um what other what's available and um what other people are doing as well. people are doing as well. people are doing as well. Next up, I want to talk about Cloud Code Next up, I want to talk about Cloud Code Next up, I want to talk about Cloud Code performance fluctuations and what to do performance fluctuations and what to do performance fluctuations and what to do if and when this ends up happening. if and when this ends up happening. if and when this ends up happening. I don't know if you guys have ever I don't know if you guys have ever I don't know if you guys have ever watched that movie Interstellar, the one watched that movie Interstellar, the one watched that movie Interstellar, the one with Matthew McConaughey. It's one of my

[2:08:04] with Matthew McConaughey. It's one of my with Matthew McConaughey. It's one of my favorite movies ever. favorite movies ever. favorite movies ever. And in it, there is a major problem that And in it, there is a major problem that And in it, there is a major problem that has plagued the world that uh has, you has plagued the world that uh has, you has plagued the world that uh has, you know, sort of set all the events in the know, sort of set all the events in the know, sort of set all the events in the movie in motion. movie in motion. movie in motion. And that's basically this idea of the And that's basically this idea of the And that's basically this idea of the blight. blight. blight. Now, what the blight is is it's some Now, what the blight is is it's some Now, what the blight is is it's some disease that started affecting a bunch disease that started affecting a bunch disease that started affecting a bunch of plants. of plants. of plants. And as a result, something like 90% of And as a result, something like 90% of And as a result, something like 90% of all of the food in the world is now just all of the food in the world is now just all of the food in the world is now just corn. Specific type of corn. That's why corn. Specific type of corn. That's why corn. Specific type of corn. That's why they got these big corn fields and they got these big corn fields and they got these big corn fields and stuff. And then, you know, the main stuff. And then, you know, the main stuff. And then, you know, the main character's family just does corn character's family just does corn character's family just does corn farming all day.

[2:08:35] farming all day. farming all day. So, in history, this idea is referred to So, in history, this idea is referred to So, in history, this idea is referred to as monoculture as monoculture as monoculture harvesting, like monoculture farming harvesting, like monoculture farming harvesting, like monoculture farming essentially. And it's where, you know, essentially. And it's where, you know, essentially. And it's where, you know, one particular crop is just so damn one particular crop is just so damn one particular crop is just so damn good. It's just so freaking productive, good. It's just so freaking productive, good. It's just so freaking productive, right? Has the highest yield and so on right? Has the highest yield and so on right? Has the highest yield and so on and so forth. That over the generations, and so forth. That over the generations, and so forth. That over the generations, the farmers learn, well, this is the the farmers learn, well, this is the the farmers learn, well, this is the best crop ever. Why don't I just replace best crop ever. Why don't I just replace best crop ever. Why don't I just replace all my crops with this crop? Then I can all my crops with this crop? Then I can all my crops with this crop? Then I can make a bunch of crops, and then I'll make a bunch of crops, and then I'll make a bunch of crops, and then I'll just trade this crop for other crops as just trade this crop for other crops as just trade this crop for other crops as necessary. necessary. necessary. Every time that happens, usually

[2:09:05] Every time that happens, usually Every time that happens, usually productivity or yields will go up. And productivity or yields will go up. And productivity or yields will go up. And they'll go up for sometimes long period they'll go up for sometimes long period they'll go up for sometimes long period of time, sometimes like literally of time, sometimes like literally of time, sometimes like literally generations. generations. generations. And then all of a sudden what occurs is And then all of a sudden what occurs is And then all of a sudden what occurs is there ends up being a problem with that there ends up being a problem with that there ends up being a problem with that crop. crop. crop. The problem is either in the soil, the The problem is either in the soil, the The problem is either in the soil, the problem is maybe a bug is developed that problem is maybe a bug is developed that problem is maybe a bug is developed that like really screws with that crop like really screws with that crop like really screws with that crop specifically or something else. specifically or something else. specifically or something else. And because all of the farmers' eggs And because all of the farmers' eggs And because all of the farmers' eggs were in that one basket with that one were in that one basket with that one were in that one basket with that one crop, what ends up happening is this crop, what ends up happening is this crop, what ends up happening is this blight or this disease or the blight or this disease or the blight or this disease or the circumstances of destroying all of their circumstances of destroying all of their circumstances of destroying all of their crops at once. crops at once. crops at once. That's led to some of the biggest That's led to some of the biggest That's led to some of the biggest famines throughout history, I believe.

[2:09:36] famines throughout history, I believe. famines throughout history, I believe. And um it's one of the reasons why, you And um it's one of the reasons why, you And um it's one of the reasons why, you know, farmers nowadays do a bunch of know, farmers nowadays do a bunch of know, farmers nowadays do a bunch of things, namely crop rotation. They have things, namely crop rotation. They have things, namely crop rotation. They have multiple different crops that occupy the multiple different crops that occupy the multiple different crops that occupy the same thing of land. They uh you know, same thing of land. They uh you know, same thing of land. They uh you know, usually don't do just one crop. They usually don't do just one crop. They usually don't do just one crop. They have multiple crops going, whatever have multiple crops going, whatever have multiple crops going, whatever types of crops they are. Just so that if types of crops they are. Just so that if types of crops they are. Just so that if a harvest on, you know, one type fails, a harvest on, you know, one type fails, a harvest on, you know, one type fails, then, you know, they'll at least get then, you know, they'll at least get then, you know, they'll at least get something from something else. something from something else. something from something else. Well, the reason why I'm bringing up Well, the reason why I'm bringing up Well, the reason why I'm bringing up this analogy, and I think I've really this analogy, and I think I've really this analogy, and I think I've really hammered it home here, hammered it home here, hammered it home here, uh is because I think this applies to uh is because I think this applies to uh is because I think this applies to Claude Code. Claude Code. Claude Code. Claude Code's really good. I don't think Claude Code's really good. I don't think Claude Code's really good. I don't think there is a better coding harness um out

[2:10:06] there is a better coding harness um out there is a better coding harness um out there. I don't think there really is there. I don't think there really is there. I don't think there really is anything better than Claude Code, at anything better than Claude Code, at anything better than Claude Code, at least as of the time of this recording. least as of the time of this recording. least as of the time of this recording. And I don't know if there ever will be. And I don't know if there ever will be. And I don't know if there ever will be. This is me just being honest with you This is me just being honest with you This is me just being honest with you guys. guys. guys. I think at a certain point with AI, you I think at a certain point with AI, you I think at a certain point with AI, you know, an agent's ability to program the know, an agent's ability to program the know, an agent's ability to program the next model, okay, just gets better and next model, okay, just gets better and next model, okay, just gets better and better and better. And so, the people better and better. And so, the people better and better. And so, the people that have the better agents, if if they that have the better agents, if if they that have the better agents, if if they apply their resources effectively just apply their resources effectively just apply their resources effectively just end up with like this impossible end up with like this impossible end up with like this impossible advantage due to exponential growth. advantage due to exponential growth. advantage due to exponential growth. So what that logically means is that you So what that logically means is that you So what that logically means is that you know, it's the best crop ever, right? It know, it's the best crop ever, right? It know, it's the best crop ever, right? It gives you the biggest yields ever gives you the biggest yields ever gives you the biggest yields ever because it's so productive because it because it's so productive because it because it's so productive because it makes you productive. You're probably makes you productive. You're probably makes you productive. You're probably just going to use it all the time.

[2:10:37] just going to use it all the time. just going to use it all the time. The downside to that is there are a lot The downside to that is there are a lot The downside to that is there are a lot of things here outside of our control in of things here outside of our control in of things here outside of our control in terms of Claude code performance and terms of Claude code performance and terms of Claude code performance and sometimes Claude code performance goes sometimes Claude code performance goes sometimes Claude code performance goes up and it goes down and other times it's up and it goes down and other times it's up and it goes down and other times it's just completely gone. just completely gone. just completely gone. So the reality is we're probably all So the reality is we're probably all So the reality is we're probably all going to be using Claude code a lot going to be using Claude code a lot going to be using Claude code a lot because Claude code as mentioned is because Claude code as mentioned is because Claude code as mentioned is freaking awesome. But if you grow too freaking awesome. But if you grow too freaking awesome. But if you grow too rely on it to the point where Claude rely on it to the point where Claude rely on it to the point where Claude code is basically a monoculture crop, code is basically a monoculture crop, code is basically a monoculture crop, you end up with situations like this you end up with situations like this you end up with situations like this which actually just happened yesterday. which actually just happened yesterday. which actually just happened yesterday. Just one of many occurrences. Just one of many occurrences. Just one of many occurrences. To make a long story short, Claude went To make a long story short, Claude went To make a long story short, Claude went down. You know, there was a big issue

[2:11:07] down. You know, there was a big issue down. You know, there was a big issue with Opus 4.6 and I think it lasted like with Opus 4.6 and I think it lasted like with Opus 4.6 and I think it lasted like maybe an hour or so. maybe an hour or so. maybe an hour or so. And basically 95% of developer And basically 95% of developer And basically 95% of developer productivity productivity productivity plummeted the second that Claude was plummeted the second that Claude was plummeted the second that Claude was gone. gone. gone. The reason [snorts] why is because, you The reason [snorts] why is because, you The reason [snorts] why is because, you know, Claude was everything. They stored know, Claude was everything. They stored know, Claude was everything. They stored all their files on, you know, the Claude all their files on, you know, the Claude all their files on, you know, the Claude desktop app with desktop app with desktop app with simple skills that were just made in simple skills that were just made in simple skills that were just made in like Claude's format and like Claude's format and like Claude's format and nobody or nothing else's. nobody or nothing else's. nobody or nothing else's. The second that Claude, The second that Claude, The second that Claude, you know, was down then all their you know, was down then all their you know, was down then all their prompts that they had saved in specific prompts that they had saved in specific prompts that they had saved in specific points and stuff like that were very points and stuff like that were very points and stuff like that were very difficult to access and they weren't difficult to access and they weren't difficult to access and they weren't good to use with other models. Whole

[2:11:38] good to use with other models. Whole good to use with other models. Whole code bases that have been designed by code bases that have been designed by code bases that have been designed by Claude were not interpretable at all. Claude were not interpretable at all. Claude were not interpretable at all. There were no comments so they tried There were no comments so they tried There were no comments so they tried using other models and other agents and using other models and other agents and using other models and other agents and like that didn't really work. And then like that didn't really work. And then like that didn't really work. And then ultimately Claude is just the best. The ultimately Claude is just the best. The ultimately Claude is just the best. The intelligence of the these other agents intelligence of the these other agents intelligence of the these other agents just don't work the same. So you know, just don't work the same. So you know, just don't work the same. So you know, it just led to like a bunch of bunch of it just led to like a bunch of bunch of it just led to like a bunch of bunch of issues essentially. issues essentially. issues essentially. This isn't the first time that this has This isn't the first time that this has This isn't the first time that this has happened. This has actually happened a happened. This has actually happened a happened. This has actually happened a number of times. number of times. number of times. You know, this is Adam from earlier You know, this is Adam from earlier You know, this is Adam from earlier today talking about like major outages today talking about like major outages today talking about like major outages with Claude and how different types of with Claude and how different types of with Claude and how different types of platforms are operational whereas other platforms are operational whereas other platforms are operational whereas other ones aren't. There's also a bunch of ones aren't. There's also a bunch of ones aren't. There's also a bunch of Claude code performance degradations. Claude code performance degradations. Claude code performance degradations. You know, I just looked up an old post

[2:12:09] You know, I just looked up an old post You know, I just looked up an old post from I think it was Theric here who's from I think it was Theric here who's from I think it was Theric here who's one of the lead guys on Claude code. He one of the lead guys on Claude code. He one of the lead guys on Claude code. He like drops Claude code updates and stuff like drops Claude code updates and stuff like drops Claude code updates and stuff all the time. all the time. all the time. Well, anyway, um you know, Well, anyway, um you know, Well, anyway, um you know, there were degradations historically there were degradations historically there were degradations historically since December 17th, 2025 of Opus 4.5 since December 17th, 2025 of Opus 4.5 since December 17th, 2025 of Opus 4.5 and Claude code, where basically because and Claude code, where basically because and Claude code, where basically because of some runaway other garbage collection of some runaway other garbage collection of some runaway other garbage collection or some sort of like memory issue, or some sort of like memory issue, or some sort of like memory issue, um you know, Opus just got worse and um you know, Opus just got worse and um you know, Opus just got worse and worse and worse and worse every day for worse and worse and worse every day for worse and worse and worse every day for a certain period of time, which led to a certain period of time, which led to a certain period of time, which led to like, you know, massive performance like, you know, massive performance like, you know, massive performance decreases, decreases, decreases, um literally probably on planet Earth,

[2:12:39] um literally probably on planet Earth, um literally probably on planet Earth, at least in knowledge work. at least in knowledge work. at least in knowledge work. So, okay, hopefully at least at this So, okay, hopefully at least at this So, okay, hopefully at least at this point I've convinced you guys why Claude point I've convinced you guys why Claude point I've convinced you guys why Claude is nowadays probably already pretty is nowadays probably already pretty is nowadays probably already pretty monocultury and likely as it continues monocultury and likely as it continues monocultury and likely as it continues to to dominate, it's likely to just to to dominate, it's likely to just to to dominate, it's likely to just become more and more and more become more and more and more become more and more and more monocultury over time. monocultury over time. monocultury over time. Um the question, obviously, is what the Um the question, obviously, is what the Um the question, obviously, is what the hell can we do about it? hell can we do about it? hell can we do about it? And so, there are a couple of uh And so, there are a couple of uh And so, there are a couple of uh solutions, and most of them revolve solutions, and most of them revolve solutions, and most of them revolve around this idea of diversification, around this idea of diversification, around this idea of diversification, where basically, you know, instead of where basically, you know, instead of where basically, you know, instead of just putting all of your eggs in the just putting all of your eggs in the just putting all of your eggs in the Claude basket, this is my cute little Claude basket, this is my cute little Claude basket, this is my cute little basket, sticking it chock-full of, you

[2:13:10] basket, sticking it chock-full of, you basket, sticking it chock-full of, you know, nice Claude eggs, know, nice Claude eggs, know, nice Claude eggs, what we do is instead of putting, I what we do is instead of putting, I what we do is instead of putting, I don't know, all 10 of our product theory don't know, all 10 of our product theory don't know, all 10 of our product theory eggs in this Claude basket, we put like eggs in this Claude basket, we put like eggs in this Claude basket, we put like seven, eight, or maybe nine in them, seven, eight, or maybe nine in them, seven, eight, or maybe nine in them, okay? So, maybe like seven out of 10 in okay? So, maybe like seven out of 10 in okay? So, maybe like seven out of 10 in Claude. Claude. Claude. And then, what you do with your other And then, what you do with your other And then, what you do with your other three out of 10 is you just distribute three out of 10 is you just distribute three out of 10 is you just distribute them. You distribute them such that, you them. You distribute them such that, you them. You distribute them such that, you know, I don't know, one out of the 10 know, I don't know, one out of the 10 know, I don't know, one out of the 10 are in Codex. are in Codex. are in Codex. You know, another one out of 10, You know, another one out of 10, You know, another one out of 10, my god, I'm going to get really good at my god, I'm going to get really good at my god, I'm going to get really good at drawing these, are in uh I don't know, drawing these, are in uh I don't know, drawing these, are in uh I don't know, like anti-gravity's like Gemini, right?

[2:13:41] like anti-gravity's like Gemini, right? like anti-gravity's like Gemini, right? And maybe And maybe And maybe one out of 10 one out of 10 one out of 10 are in some other type of coding are in some other type of coding are in some other type of coding harness, harness, harness, like a Pi or something, that maybe also like a Pi or something, that maybe also like a Pi or something, that maybe also uses like some form of like local models uses like some form of like local models uses like some form of like local models or whatever. or whatever. or whatever. The point that I'm making is, obviously, The point that I'm making is, obviously, The point that I'm making is, obviously, we're being pragmatic here. Like, you we're being pragmatic here. Like, you we're being pragmatic here. Like, you should probably predominantly use the should probably predominantly use the should probably predominantly use the best model out there because, you know, best model out there because, you know, best model out there because, you know, it's not like a it's not a linear thing. it's not like a it's not a linear thing. it's not like a it's not a linear thing. If a model is like 1% better than If a model is like 1% better than If a model is like 1% better than another model, that 1% once you get another model, that 1% once you get another model, that 1% once you get smart enough is like the difference of smart enough is like the difference of smart enough is like the difference of like a gulf, right? Einstein is like 1% like a gulf, right? Einstein is like 1% like a gulf, right? Einstein is like 1% smarter than a

[2:14:11] smarter than a smarter than a normal human being or something like normal human being or something like normal human being or something like that, and he was able to come up with that, and he was able to come up with that, and he was able to come up with the theory of relativity or something the theory of relativity or something the theory of relativity or something along those lines. Obviously, don't take along those lines. Obviously, don't take along those lines. Obviously, don't take me at face value there. I'm sure his IQ me at face value there. I'm sure his IQ me at face value there. I'm sure his IQ is through the roof. But the point that is through the roof. But the point that is through the roof. But the point that I'm making is like when you get to this I'm making is like when you get to this I'm making is like when you get to this point with these weird galactic point with these weird galactic point with these weird galactic intelligence, even like a small little intelligence, even like a small little intelligence, even like a small little increase in the intelligence the model increase in the intelligence the model increase in the intelligence the model may lead to like a big downsize may lead to like a big downsize may lead to like a big downsize difference, right? So, if you have the difference, right? So, if you have the difference, right? So, if you have the ability to use the best model, just use ability to use the best model, just use ability to use the best model, just use the best model. But don't put all your the best model. But don't put all your the best model. But don't put all your eggs in that basket because if that eggs in that basket because if that eggs in that basket because if that occurs, then what will basically happen occurs, then what will basically happen occurs, then what will basically happen is like as the performance of Claude

[2:14:41] is like as the performance of Claude is like as the performance of Claude over time goes up assuming I'm Claude is over time goes up assuming I'm Claude is over time goes up assuming I'm Claude is orange, orange, orange, your total productivity your total productivity your total productivity in blue here will also go up basically in blue here will also go up basically in blue here will also go up basically in lockstep. And so if the performance in lockstep. And so if the performance in lockstep. And so if the performance of Claude goes down, so too is your of Claude goes down, so too is your of Claude goes down, so too is your entire productivity. If the performance entire productivity. If the performance entire productivity. If the performance of Claude goes up, so too does your of Claude goes up, so too does your of Claude goes up, so too does your entire productivity. entire productivity. entire productivity. Instead, diversify, okay? Instead of Instead, diversify, okay? Instead of Instead, diversify, okay? Instead of just this like yellow one which is just this like yellow one which is just this like yellow one which is Claude, maybe you have like a green one Claude, maybe you have like a green one Claude, maybe you have like a green one here which is Codex. And what occurs is, here which is Codex. And what occurs is, here which is Codex. And what occurs is, you know, Codex maybe is a little bit you know, Codex maybe is a little bit you know, Codex maybe is a little bit more like this. more like this. more like this. And so what ends up happening is the And so what ends up happening is the And so what ends up happening is the average performances of, you know, both

[2:15:11] average performances of, you know, both average performances of, you know, both of these sort of average out and then of these sort of average out and then of these sort of average out and then instead of being super reliant on instead of being super reliant on instead of being super reliant on Claude, what you get to do is, you know, Claude, what you get to do is, you know, Claude, what you get to do is, you know, this black thing which is like you ends this black thing which is like you ends this black thing which is like you ends up being a lot more stable. It's the up being a lot more stable. It's the up being a lot more stable. It's the same thing in investing. Have you guys same thing in investing. Have you guys same thing in investing. Have you guys ever invested in, like, I don't know, an ever invested in, like, I don't know, an ever invested in, like, I don't know, an ETF or some sort of ETF or some sort of ETF or some sort of index fund? You know, basically the way index fund? You know, basically the way index fund? You know, basically the way that all of the stocks work is there'll that all of the stocks work is there'll that all of the stocks work is there'll be a stock that does this, there'll be be a stock that does this, there'll be be a stock that does this, there'll be another stock that does that. another stock that does that. another stock that does that. There'll be another stock that does There'll be another stock that does There'll be another stock that does this. this. this. There'll be another stock that does There'll be another stock that does There'll be another stock that does this. Do you see how volatile? Okay, this. Do you see how volatile? Okay, this. Do you see how volatile? Okay, that stock probably isn't going back. Do

[2:15:41] that stock probably isn't going back. Do that stock probably isn't going back. Do you see how all volatile all these you see how all volatile all these you see how all volatile all these different stocks are? Well, rather than different stocks are? Well, rather than different stocks are? Well, rather than tie your your literal life savings to tie your your literal life savings to tie your your literal life savings to all, you know, any one of these stocks, all, you know, any one of these stocks, all, you know, any one of these stocks, you just tie them to all of them you just tie them to all of them you just tie them to all of them simultaneously. Such that, you know, simultaneously. Such that, you know, simultaneously. Such that, you know, over time maybe your thing slowly goes over time maybe your thing slowly goes over time maybe your thing slowly goes up and that's a lot more reliable and up and that's a lot more reliable and up and that's a lot more reliable and dependable. dependable. dependable. Okay, so the way that you do this in Okay, so the way that you do this in Okay, so the way that you do this in practice, the way that you diversify practice, the way that you diversify practice, the way that you diversify your models in practice, your models in practice, your models in practice, um, is you use platforms built in that um, is you use platforms built in that um, is you use platforms built in that have the ability to orchestrate or have the ability to orchestrate or have the ability to orchestrate or juggle multiple different types of juggle multiple different types of juggle multiple different types of agents just inherently. agents just inherently. agents just inherently. Or you use things like MCP servers or Or you use things like MCP servers or Or you use things like MCP servers or whatever that allow you to do that sort

[2:16:12] whatever that allow you to do that sort whatever that allow you to do that sort of thing within Claude code or within, of thing within Claude code or within, of thing within Claude code or within, you know, some other um you know, coding you know, some other um you know, coding you know, some other um you know, coding agent. And so obviously like right now, agent. And so obviously like right now, agent. And so obviously like right now, okay, if I'm just being pragmatic with okay, if I'm just being pragmatic with okay, if I'm just being pragmatic with you, there's there's Claude code and you, there's there's Claude code and you, there's there's Claude code and that's sort of like the big boy. that's sort of like the big boy. that's sort of like the big boy. And he's they're fantastic. Then And he's they're fantastic. Then And he's they're fantastic. Then there's, you know, Codex. And some there's, you know, Codex. And some there's, you know, Codex. And some people will swear uh on their mother's people will swear uh on their mother's people will swear uh on their mother's life that Codex is way better than life that Codex is way better than life that Codex is way better than Claude code, but I I don't really think Claude code, but I I don't really think Claude code, but I I don't really think so. so. so. And then there's like, you know, And then there's like, you know, And then there's like, you know, um Gemini isn't really that the right um Gemini isn't really that the right um Gemini isn't really that the right term. It's sort of like Antigravity's term. It's sort of like Antigravity's term. It's sort of like Antigravity's like agent chat like agent chat like agent chat within um within um within um um uh Antigravity.

[2:16:42] um uh Antigravity. um uh Antigravity. Okay, and this is sort of like my little Okay, and this is sort of like my little Okay, and this is sort of like my little personal tier list. But basically, you personal tier list. But basically, you personal tier list. But basically, you know, know, know, use other models in conjunction with use other models in conjunction with use other models in conjunction with harnesses and stuff like that you might harnesses and stuff like that you might harnesses and stuff like that you might have set up in Claude code for for best have set up in Claude code for for best have set up in Claude code for for best results. results. results. Okay, so yeah, anyway, there are two Okay, so yeah, anyway, there are two Okay, so yeah, anyway, there are two main major ways of doing this right now. main major ways of doing this right now. main major ways of doing this right now. The first is using a platform like The first is using a platform like The first is using a platform like Conductor. If you've never seen a Conductor. If you've never seen a Conductor. If you've never seen a platform like Conductor, what this does platform like Conductor, what this does platform like Conductor, what this does right now is allows you to create a right now is allows you to create a right now is allows you to create a bunch of parallel Claude X and Claude bunch of parallel Claude X and Claude bunch of parallel Claude X and Claude code agents inside of isolated code agents inside of isolated code agents inside of isolated workspaces on your computer. You can workspaces on your computer. You can workspaces on your computer. You can then just like with Antigravity or, you then just like with Antigravity or, you then just like with Antigravity or, you know, Claude code desktop app order, you know, Claude code desktop app order, you know, Claude code desktop app order, you can just see how their performances and

[2:17:13] can just see how their performances and can just see how their performances and what they're doing sort of in real time. what they're doing sort of in real time. what they're doing sort of in real time. And because you are just the conductor And because you are just the conductor And because you are just the conductor up at the top, if, you know, the Claude up at the top, if, you know, the Claude up at the top, if, you know, the Claude code chunk of these don't end up code chunk of these don't end up code chunk of these don't end up working, but then the Codex ones do, working, but then the Codex ones do, working, but then the Codex ones do, then that's perfectly fine. It doesn't then that's perfectly fine. It doesn't then that's perfectly fine. It doesn't really change anything for you. You're really change anything for you. You're really change anything for you. You're just going to like momentarily allocate just going to like momentarily allocate just going to like momentarily allocate most of your time and energy to the most of your time and energy to the most of your time and energy to the Codex ones. It's on the exact same Codex ones. It's on the exact same Codex ones. It's on the exact same interface. It's very straightforward. interface. It's very straightforward. interface. It's very straightforward. You just do it all, you know, through You just do it all, you know, through You just do it all, you know, through this sort of like conductor interface. this sort of like conductor interface. this sort of like conductor interface. Super easy. And then uh you know, like Super easy. And then uh you know, like Super easy. And then uh you know, like this is used by a lot of real big people this is used by a lot of real big people this is used by a lot of real big people all over the place to basically average all over the place to basically average all over the place to basically average out minor statistical fluctuations in out minor statistical fluctuations in out minor statistical fluctuations in models and then allow

[2:17:43] models and then allow models and then allow for the taking advantage of different for the taking advantage of different for the taking advantage of different parts of different models that are parts of different models that are parts of different models that are slightly better, slightly worse than slightly better, slightly worse than slightly better, slightly worse than each other at things. Like for instance, each other at things. Like for instance, each other at things. Like for instance, a lot of people think that Codex is a lot of people think that Codex is a lot of people think that Codex is actually like quite cracked at, you actually like quite cracked at, you actually like quite cracked at, you know, the sort of like deep know, the sort of like deep know, the sort of like deep contemplation required to make big contemplation required to make big contemplation required to make big backends and it's better than Claude backends and it's better than Claude backends and it's better than Claude code. I don't know if I entirely agree code. I don't know if I entirely agree code. I don't know if I entirely agree with that and I think even if that were with that and I think even if that were with that and I think even if that were correct today, it probably would not be correct today, it probably would not be correct today, it probably would not be correct in like a few weeks because correct in like a few weeks because correct in like a few weeks because things change so quickly. But, you know, things change so quickly. But, you know, things change so quickly. But, you know, this allows them to take advantage of this allows them to take advantage of this allows them to take advantage of Codex's ability to build the most Codex's ability to build the most Codex's ability to build the most cracked back end ever and then have a cracked back end ever and then have a cracked back end ever and then have a cloud code do some other thing that cloud code do some other thing that cloud code do some other thing that cloud code is great at. cloud code is great at. cloud code is great at. Okay, so conductor's pretty sweet. Uh Okay, so conductor's pretty sweet. Uh Okay, so conductor's pretty sweet. Uh I'm not going to worry too much about

[2:18:13] I'm not going to worry too much about I'm not going to worry too much about like setting it all up. It's actually like setting it all up. It's actually like setting it all up. It's actually quite self-explanatory. quite self-explanatory. quite self-explanatory. And I don't want to just make like a And I don't want to just make like a And I don't want to just make like a 700-hour YouTube video that's me, 700-hour YouTube video that's me, 700-hour YouTube video that's me, you know, setting up a bunch of you know, setting up a bunch of you know, setting up a bunch of different platforms. There's no real different platforms. There's no real different platforms. There's no real value to this. These guys set out the value to this. These guys set out the value to this. These guys set out the knowledge the documentation really, knowledge the documentation really, knowledge the documentation really, really plainly and really intelligently really plainly and really intelligently really plainly and really intelligently done here. You can just click that done here. You can just click that done here. You can just click that download button, set it up, and then download button, set it up, and then download button, set it up, and then you'll be good to go. you'll be good to go. you'll be good to go. Okay, so that's number one, right? Okay, so that's number one, right? Okay, so that's number one, right? Number two is you can use something like Number two is you can use something like Number two is you can use something like um MCP servers to distribute your load um MCP servers to distribute your load um MCP servers to distribute your load across multiple different models. across multiple different models. across multiple different models. So, for instance, there's this Codex MCP

[2:18:43] So, for instance, there's this Codex MCP So, for instance, there's this Codex MCP server, which, you know, technically server, which, you know, technically server, which, you know, technically lives in cloud code. So, if cloud code lives in cloud code. So, if cloud code lives in cloud code. So, if cloud code does go down or something like that, you does go down or something like that, you does go down or something like that, you won't necessarily be able to use it. won't necessarily be able to use it. won't necessarily be able to use it. Keep that in mind. Um but, you know, if Keep that in mind. Um but, you know, if Keep that in mind. Um but, you know, if it's just one of the cloud models or it's just one of the cloud models or it's just one of the cloud models or whatever, it's a little bit different. whatever, it's a little bit different. whatever, it's a little bit different. Basically, what you do is you download Basically, what you do is you download Basically, what you do is you download an MCP server that allows you to an MCP server that allows you to an MCP server that allows you to communicate back and forth with a Codex. communicate back and forth with a Codex. communicate back and forth with a Codex. And so, that one's very straightforward And so, that one's very straightforward And so, that one's very straightforward and easy. There's There's a get and easy. There's There's a get and easy. There's There's a get repository right over here. It's very repository right over here. It's very repository right over here. It's very straightforward. All you do is you straightforward. All you do is you straightforward. All you do is you literally just like install the Codex literally just like install the Codex literally just like install the Codex CLI, okay, using npm i -g @open CLI, okay, using npm i -g @open CLI, okay, using npm i -g @open ai/codex. Then you just give it your ai/codex. Then you just give it your ai/codex. Then you just give it your open AI API key. Then you just add it to

[2:19:13] open AI API key. Then you just add it to open AI API key. Then you just add it to cloud code, then you can actually just cloud code, then you can actually just cloud code, then you can actually just like have a conversation with them. So, like have a conversation with them. So, like have a conversation with them. So, for simplicity's sake, I'm actually just for simplicity's sake, I'm actually just for simplicity's sake, I'm actually just going to do that cuz that's a lot going to do that cuz that's a lot going to do that cuz that's a lot faster. I'm just going to go back to my faster. I'm just going to go back to my faster. I'm just going to go back to my anti-gravity instance, which is right anti-gravity instance, which is right anti-gravity instance, which is right over here. You can see I got a search over here. You can see I got a search over here. You can see I got a search back a little while ago from something I back a little while ago from something I back a little while ago from something I was working on. I'm just going to open was working on. I'm just going to open was working on. I'm just going to open this up and I'll say install this. this up and I'll say install this. this up and I'll say install this. I'll say keys in .env, don't share, this I'll say keys in .env, don't share, this I'll say keys in .env, don't share, this is a demo. is a demo. is a demo. Let me know when done so I can restart. Let me know when done so I can restart. Let me know when done so I can restart. And what it'll go through is it'll go And what it'll go through is it'll go And what it'll go through is it'll go and install the Codex MCP server. And and install the Codex MCP server. And

[2:19:43] and install the Codex MCP server. And then I can just go here and I could say, then I can just go here and I could say, then I can just go here and I could say, "Hey, ask Codex how it's going." "Hey, ask Codex how it's going." "Hey, ask Codex how it's going." So, now what it's going to do is rather So, now what it's going to do is rather So, now what it's going to do is rather than just, you know, kind of operating than just, you know, kind of operating than just, you know, kind of operating on its own thread, it'll literally just on its own thread, it'll literally just on its own thread, it'll literally just run through like a a thing pinging Codex run through like a a thing pinging Codex run through like a a thing pinging Codex and saying, "Hey, man, what's going on?" and saying, "Hey, man, what's going on?" and saying, "Hey, man, what's going on?" It echoed back the message successfully. It echoed back the message successfully. It echoed back the message successfully. Okay, I want to chat with Codex. Yes. Okay, I want to chat with Codex. Yes. Okay, I want to chat with Codex. Yes. And let's just hear uh what it has to do And let's just hear uh what it has to do And let's just hear uh what it has to do what it has to say, rather. what it has to say, rather. what it has to say, rather. So, Codex-CLI Codex, this is just a So, Codex-CLI Codex, this is just a So, Codex-CLI Codex, this is just a ping, I guess, to make sure that it's ping, I guess, to make sure that it's ping, I guess, to make sure that it's online. This one is now saying, "Hey, online. This one is now saying, "Hey, online. This one is now saying, "Hey, I'm running on Codex uh on GPT-5 in your

[2:20:15] I'm running on Codex uh on GPT-5 in your I'm running on Codex uh on GPT-5 in your local coding workspace. I can do all local coding workspace. I can do all local coding workspace. I can do all this stuff. The file system's currently this stuff. The file system's currently this stuff. The file system's currently restricted and so on and so forth." restricted and so on and so forth." restricted and so on and so forth." So, I mean, this will work in the cases So, I mean, this will work in the cases So, I mean, this will work in the cases where you want Claude to like where you want Claude to like where you want Claude to like orchestrate a conversation with Codex. orchestrate a conversation with Codex. orchestrate a conversation with Codex. So, that actually I'm going to go into So, that actually I'm going to go into So, that actually I'm going to go into Codex. And that can that can be quite Codex. And that can that can be quite Codex. And that can that can be quite good when um you know, you don't really good when um you know, you don't really good when um you know, you don't really want to like upset your local workflow. want to like upset your local workflow. want to like upset your local workflow. You still want to work within Claude You still want to work within Claude You still want to work within Claude code and do everything that you're code and do everything that you're code and do everything that you're normally doing. But then for whatever normally doing. But then for whatever normally doing. But then for whatever reason Claude code performance has been reason Claude code performance has been reason Claude code performance has been degradated. Degradated. degradated. Degradated. degradated. Degradated. Degradated? Degraded. Uh but I should Degradated? Degraded. Uh but I should Degradated? Degraded. Uh but I should note that, you know, if Claude code note that, you know, if Claude code note that, you know, if Claude code itself goes down, like say there is some itself goes down, like say there is some itself goes down, like say there is some widespread Anthropic outage, you know, widespread Anthropic outage, you know, widespread Anthropic outage, you know, your your next best bet is to literally

[2:20:46] your your next best bet is to literally your your next best bet is to literally go and download probably like the Codex go and download probably like the Codex go and download probably like the Codex um desktop app here. Download it for um desktop app here. Download it for um desktop app here. Download it for macOS. And either get a subscription or macOS. And either get a subscription or macOS. And either get a subscription or at least know how to get a subscription, at least know how to get a subscription, at least know how to get a subscription, know how to use the app such that if know how to use the app such that if know how to use the app such that if there are major issues with any one of there are major issues with any one of there are major issues with any one of these platforms, you know, at any point these platforms, you know, at any point these platforms, you know, at any point in time you can just jump right back. in time you can just jump right back. in time you can just jump right back. So, that's personally what I do. I So, that's personally what I do. I So, that's personally what I do. I actually have Codex up and running. I actually have Codex up and running. I actually have Codex up and running. I know how to use Codex. I'm very familiar know how to use Codex. I'm very familiar know how to use Codex. I'm very familiar with Codex. Um you know, the way that I with Codex. Um you know, the way that I with Codex. Um you know, the way that I set up my workflow is not only do I have set up my workflow is not only do I have set up my workflow is not only do I have like a dot Claude with the skills and like a dot Claude with the skills and like a dot Claude with the skills and and you know, so on and so forth. But at and you know, so on and so forth. But at and you know, so on and so forth. But at any point in time I just I I can just

[2:21:17] any point in time I just I I can just any point in time I just I I can just duplicate this whole workspace such that duplicate this whole workspace such that duplicate this whole workspace such that it's like generally accessible by any it's like generally accessible by any it's like generally accessible by any agent. I can actually go over here and agent. I can actually go over here and agent. I can actually go over here and then say, "Hey, uh for whatever reason then say, "Hey, uh for whatever reason then say, "Hey, uh for whatever reason Claude code is down, so I'd like you to Claude code is down, so I'd like you to Claude code is down, so I'd like you to duplicate this whole business workspace, duplicate this whole business workspace, duplicate this whole business workspace, change anything that is Claude-specific, change anything that is Claude-specific, change anything that is Claude-specific, like the dot Claude, the Claude.md, etc. like the dot Claude, the Claude.md, etc. like the dot Claude, the Claude.md, etc. to um the usual agent specification. You to um the usual agent specification. You to um the usual agent specification. You can find all that at agents.md." can find all that at agents.md." can find all that at agents.md." Um and in general, just make sure all of Um and in general, just make sure all of Um and in general, just make sure all of this stuff works for Codex. Then what this stuff works for Codex. Then what this stuff works for Codex. Then what you can do is you can either run some you can do is you can either run some you can do is you can either run some sort of like synchronization flow or you sort of like synchronization flow or you sort of like synchronization flow or you could just like manually do this every

[2:21:48] could just like manually do this every could just like manually do this every now and then. And then you can send that now and then. And then you can send that now and then. And then you can send that off to Codex however necessary. Cool. off to Codex however necessary. Cool. off to Codex however necessary. Cool. And now it's actually going through this And now it's actually going through this And now it's actually going through this process of syncing the workspace to the process of syncing the workspace to the process of syncing the workspace to the exact same type of folder {slash} exact same type of folder {slash} exact same type of folder {slash} business-codex. business-codex. business-codex. Then it's just changing my agents.md and Then it's just changing my agents.md and Then it's just changing my agents.md and stuff. stuff. stuff. Um what you could also do is inside of Um what you could also do is inside of Um what you could also do is inside of the same workspace, you could just like the same workspace, you could just like the same workspace, you could just like duplicate this, make this like {dot} duplicate this, make this like {dot} duplicate this, make this like {dot} agents or whatever. You could have this agents or whatever. You could have this agents or whatever. You could have this just all go cap agents. You just just all go cap agents. You just just all go cap agents. You just probably need some line in your probably need some line in your probably need some line in your claude.md that says, "Hey, when you claude.md that says, "Hey, when you claude.md that says, "Hey, when you update your claude.md, also update your update your claude.md, also update your update your claude.md, also update your agents.md or whatever." The whole agents.md or whatever." The whole agents.md or whatever." The whole purpose of this workspace is to work purpose of this workspace is to work purpose of this workspace is to work with anything. with anything. with anything. Um in my case, you know, I this is just

[2:22:18] Um in my case, you know, I this is just Um in my case, you know, I this is just very Claude specific and I mean courses very Claude specific and I mean courses very Claude specific and I mean courses on Claude so I can't really just mess on Claude so I can't really just mess on Claude so I can't really just mess this up and I don't want the workspace this up and I don't want the workspace this up and I don't want the workspace to get any any messier than it already to get any any messier than it already to get any any messier than it already is. But hopefully you guys see how easy is. But hopefully you guys see how easy is. But hopefully you guys see how easy it would be realistically to do some it would be realistically to do some it would be realistically to do some form of diversification. form of diversification. form of diversification. Okay, so just to make it super clear, Okay, so just to make it super clear, Okay, so just to make it super clear, there were three main forms that I was there were three main forms that I was there were three main forms that I was recommending here, right? The first form recommending here, right? The first form recommending here, right? The first form was I recommend downloading and then was I recommend downloading and then was I recommend downloading and then installing a tool like conductor. installing a tool like conductor. installing a tool like conductor. What conductor does is allows you to run What conductor does is allows you to run What conductor does is allows you to run a team of different coding agents right a team of different coding agents right a team of different coding agents right out of the bat using like the native CLI out of the bat using like the native CLI out of the bat using like the native CLI for codex and um Claude code. And so

[2:22:48] for codex and um Claude code. And so for codex and um Claude code. And so you're actually having multiple agents you're actually having multiple agents you're actually having multiple agents just like operating in parallel. They're just like operating in parallel. They're just like operating in parallel. They're just doing so sort of in one workspace just doing so sort of in one workspace just doing so sort of in one workspace that is not like branded or tied to any that is not like branded or tied to any that is not like branded or tied to any individual type of model provider. individual type of model provider. individual type of model provider. The second one is using something like The second one is using something like The second one is using something like the codex MCP server, which is great to the codex MCP server, which is great to the codex MCP server, which is great to use when like Claude code is up but use when like Claude code is up but use when like Claude code is up but individual Claude models are degraded or individual Claude models are degraded or individual Claude models are degraded or there's some issue that are that is there's some issue that are that is there's some issue that are that is preventing it from operating the way preventing it from operating the way preventing it from operating the way that you want it to. that you want it to. that you want it to. In that way you could still take In that way you could still take In that way you could still take advantage of whatever Claude model you advantage of whatever Claude model you advantage of whatever Claude model you do have access to and also like your own do have access to and also like your own do have access to and also like your own Claude interface, let's say in Claude Claude interface, let's say in Claude Claude interface, let's say in Claude code's desktop app or maybe like an

[2:23:18] code's desktop app or maybe like an code's desktop app or maybe like an anti-gravity um Claude code extension anti-gravity um Claude code extension anti-gravity um Claude code extension setup like I have. setup like I have. setup like I have. And then the third is just operating in And then the third is just operating in And then the third is just operating in an entirely different agent platform an entirely different agent platform an entirely different agent platform entirely. Um my recommendation at least entirely. Um my recommendation at least entirely. Um my recommendation at least as of right now is to use codex because as of right now is to use codex because as of right now is to use codex because every test that I've ran with Gemini is every test that I've ran with Gemini is every test that I've ran with Gemini is nowhere near as good um at anything nowhere near as good um at anything nowhere near as good um at anything except for front-end design. Perhaps except for front-end design. Perhaps except for front-end design. Perhaps their new model will come out and their new model will come out and their new model will come out and that'll be way better or something like that'll be way better or something like that'll be way better or something like that, but I'm not going to hold my that, but I'm not going to hold my that, but I'm not going to hold my breath for that at the moment because as breath for that at the moment because as breath for that at the moment because as mentioned, I think Claude is really just mentioned, I think Claude is really just mentioned, I think Claude is really just the dominant uh the the dominant playboy the dominant uh the the dominant playboy the dominant uh the the dominant playboy as of right now. Okay, and all of this as of right now. Okay, and all of this as of right now. Okay, and all of this is because we do not want the amount of is because we do not want the amount of is because we do not want the amount of culture crop. We do not want all of our

[2:23:49] culture crop. We do not want all of our culture crop. We do not want all of our eggs in one basket. We can have most of eggs in one basket. We can have most of eggs in one basket. We can have most of our eggs in the cloud basket for sure, our eggs in the cloud basket for sure, our eggs in the cloud basket for sure, but if you put all of them in then but if you put all of them in then but if you put all of them in then you're going to suffer the exact same you're going to suffer the exact same you're going to suffer the exact same situation this present guy did, situation this present guy did, situation this present guy did, where you know, the second the cloud where you know, the second the cloud where you know, the second the cloud went down he just couldn't do anything. went down he just couldn't do anything. went down he just couldn't do anything. Okay? So, hopefully that makes sense. I Okay? So, hopefully that makes sense. I Okay? So, hopefully that makes sense. I personally have about 70% cloud code and personally have about 70% cloud code and personally have about 70% cloud code and maybe 30% spread across codex and then maybe 30% spread across codex and then maybe 30% spread across codex and then like a couple of open source models. like a couple of open source models. like a couple of open source models. And then I use agnostic, you know, And then I use agnostic, you know, And then I use agnostic, you know, coding harnesses like pie in conjunction coding harnesses like pie in conjunction coding harnesses like pie in conjunction with things like conductor in order to with things like conductor in order to with things like conductor in order to make sure that I'm good to go. make sure that I'm good to go. make sure that I'm good to go. All right, now let's chat workspace

[2:24:19] All right, now let's chat workspace All right, now let's chat workspace organization. I'm going to show you guys organization. I'm going to show you guys organization. I'm going to show you guys the way that I personally organize my the way that I personally organize my the way that I personally organize my workspaces, discuss a couple of workspaces, discuss a couple of workspaces, discuss a couple of alternative ways, and then also just alternative ways, and then also just alternative ways, and then also just talk about like the hierarchy of talk about like the hierarchy of talk about like the hierarchy of information and then how to maintain information and then how to maintain information and then how to maintain like a really root clean file space. So, like a really root clean file space. So, like a really root clean file space. So, this is the structure that I basically this is the structure that I basically this is the structure that I basically have set up. And I'm going to run you have set up. And I'm going to run you have set up. And I'm going to run you guys through my actual anti-gravity guys through my actual anti-gravity guys through my actual anti-gravity setup in a second. I actually just had setup in a second. I actually just had setup in a second. I actually just had AI generate me a bunch of backgrounds AI generate me a bunch of backgrounds AI generate me a bunch of backgrounds for this, so that's pretty meta. for this, so that's pretty meta. for this, so that's pretty meta. But um to make a long story short, I But um to make a long story short, I But um to make a long story short, I store all of my business stuff in a store all of my business stuff in a store all of my business stuff in a business workspace. Okay, now my business workspace. Okay, now my business workspace. Okay, now my business workspace includes a bunch of

[2:24:49] business workspace includes a bunch of business workspace includes a bunch of additional folders that you don't really additional folders that you don't really additional folders that you don't really need in order to have my structure need in order to have my structure need in order to have my structure there. there. there. Very specific to the platforms that I Very specific to the platforms that I Very specific to the platforms that I use and and whatnot. Really, the folders use and and whatnot. Really, the folders use and and whatnot. Really, the folders that you need, if I just cross out all that you need, if I just cross out all that you need, if I just cross out all the stuff that you probably don't the stuff that you probably don't the stuff that you probably don't actually need, okay? And like you actually need, okay? And like you actually need, okay? And like you probably don't need this either. Some probably don't need this either. Some probably don't need this either. Some people have virtual environments, some people have virtual environments, some people have virtual environments, some don't. But really, the stuff that you don't. But really, the stuff that you don't. But really, the stuff that you actually do need is going to be like a actually do need is going to be like a actually do need is going to be like a dot cloud, which is where you're going dot cloud, which is where you're going dot cloud, which is where you're going to store all of your, you know, cloud to store all of your, you know, cloud to store all of your, you know, cloud specific files. So, it's where you're specific files. So, it's where you're specific files. So, it's where you're going to store your skills, it's where going to store your skills, it's where going to store your skills, it's where you're going to store your agents, and you're going to store your agents, and you're going to store your agents, and ETC.

[2:25:19] ETC. ETC. An active or a temporary folder, or An active or a temporary folder, or An active or a temporary folder, or whatever the heck you want to call it, whatever the heck you want to call it, whatever the heck you want to call it, but this is basically just going to but this is basically just going to but this is basically just going to store everything else. So, all the store everything else. So, all the store everything else. So, all the generated files and so on and so forth. generated files and so on and so forth. generated files and so on and so forth. A dot ENV, where you're going to put A dot ENV, where you're going to put A dot ENV, where you're going to put your obviously ENV type keys. So, any your obviously ENV type keys. So, any your obviously ENV type keys. So, any sort of like API keys, credentials, sort of like API keys, credentials, sort of like API keys, credentials, anything like that. And then finally, anything like that. And then finally, anything like that. And then finally, your local cloud.md, which is just like your local cloud.md, which is just like your local cloud.md, which is just like your local system prompt. your local system prompt. your local system prompt. And if you guys remember, we stored the And if you guys remember, we stored the And if you guys remember, we stored the global system prompts um in a global system prompts um in a global system prompts um in a kind of like a tilde {slash} dot Claude

[2:25:50] kind of like a tilde {slash} dot Claude kind of like a tilde {slash} dot Claude folder um where, you know, the rest of folder um where, you know, the rest of folder um where, you know, the rest of your your global stuff is. And this is your your global stuff is. And this is your your global stuff is. And this is like this is somewhere else. This is like this is somewhere else. This is like this is somewhere else. This is usually like your home folder, wherever usually like your home folder, wherever usually like your home folder, wherever that is. On a Mac, you know, in my case that is. On a Mac, you know, in my case that is. On a Mac, you know, in my case it's like Nick Survive. So, if I go to it's like Nick Survive. So, if I go to it's like Nick Survive. So, if I go to my Nick Survive folder and then I show my Nick Survive folder and then I show my Nick Survive folder and then I show hidden, I can actually see the dot hidden, I can actually see the dot hidden, I can actually see the dot Claude folder. I can click on it and Claude folder. I can click on it and Claude folder. I can click on it and then I can see it. then I can see it. then I can see it. On your workspace, if it's like a On your workspace, if it's like a On your workspace, if it's like a Windows or whatever, it's it's going to Windows or whatever, it's it's going to Windows or whatever, it's it's going to be different. So, you're going to have be different. So, you're going to have be different. So, you're going to have to look for it. to look for it. to look for it. Okay, so mine obviously looks a little Okay, so mine obviously looks a little Okay, so mine obviously looks a little bit different from that, but I just want bit different from that, but I just want bit different from that, but I just want you to keep in mind those um you to keep in mind those um you to keep in mind those um you know, the dot Claude, the active, you know, the dot Claude, the active, you know, the dot Claude, the active, the dot ENV, and then the Claude MD. the dot ENV, and then the Claude MD. the dot ENV, and then the Claude MD. That sort of structure that I showed you That sort of structure that I showed you That sort of structure that I showed you a moment ago. That's the one that I'm

[2:26:20] a moment ago. That's the one that I'm a moment ago. That's the one that I'm going to be assuming that you you're going to be assuming that you you're going to be assuming that you you're going to be building. going to be building. going to be building. Okay, so I separate things into and I Okay, so I separate things into and I Okay, so I separate things into and I also have a personal version of this, also have a personal version of this, also have a personal version of this, but for now we're just going to stick but for now we're just going to stick but for now we're just going to stick with business. A business workspace. And with business. A business workspace. And with business. A business workspace. And so, I literally have like a folder on my so, I literally have like a folder on my so, I literally have like a folder on my computer, you know, Nick Survive. computer, you know, Nick Survive. computer, you know, Nick Survive. &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; And then it goes {slash} business. &gt;&gt; And then it goes {slash} business. &gt;&gt; And then it goes {slash} business. And it's within this business folder And it's within this business folder And it's within this business folder that I currently exist, that I do all of that I currently exist, that I do all of that I currently exist, that I do all of my work. my work. my work. So, what do you have inside of business? So, what do you have inside of business? So, what do you have inside of business? You have your dot ENV. You have your dot ENV. You have your dot ENV. You have your Claude skills, which is You have your Claude skills, which is You have your Claude skills, which is sort of like the intellectual capital

[2:26:50] sort of like the intellectual capital sort of like the intellectual capital that you accumulate over time as you do that you accumulate over time as you do that you accumulate over time as you do various SOP-able things. You have your various SOP-able things. You have your various SOP-able things. You have your Claude.MD. Then you also have um you Claude.MD. Then you also have um you Claude.MD. Then you also have um you know, like your active folder. know, like your active folder. know, like your active folder. And the way that I personally organize And the way that I personally organize And the way that I personally organize this as somebody that not only um uses this as somebody that not only um uses this as somebody that not only um uses Claude Code and other agents in my Claude Code and other agents in my Claude Code and other agents in my day-to-day life, but also sells clients day-to-day life, but also sells clients day-to-day life, but also sells clients on the implementation of these sorts of on the implementation of these sorts of on the implementation of these sorts of things. And then is also responsible for things. And then is also responsible for things. And then is also responsible for using Claude Code in order to fulfill using Claude Code in order to fulfill using Claude Code in order to fulfill the implementation. the implementation. the implementation. Is I separate it such that my main Is I separate it such that my main Is I separate it such that my main business needs, that contain all of like business needs, that contain all of like business needs, that contain all of like like my stuff,

[2:27:20] like my stuff, like my stuff, is in this business folder. And then is in this business folder. And then is in this business folder. And then anything that I do on behalf of my anything that I do on behalf of my anything that I do on behalf of my clients lives in specific client clients lives in specific client clients lives in specific client folders. So, let's say I have a client folders. So, let's say I have a client folders. So, let's say I have a client called client A. Well, client A actually called client A. Well, client A actually called client A. Well, client A actually has his own dot ENV with the client's has his own dot ENV with the client's has his own dot ENV with the client's API keys. They have a dot Claude {slash} API keys. They have a dot Claude {slash} API keys. They have a dot Claude {slash} skills with the project skills, skills skills with the project skills, skills skills with the project skills, skills that are highly specific to the needs of that are highly specific to the needs of that are highly specific to the needs of that particular project. You know, if I that particular project. You know, if I that particular project. You know, if I work with like some sort of digital work with like some sort of digital work with like some sort of digital marketing agency and I have a skill that marketing agency and I have a skill that marketing agency and I have a skill that I use on their behalf in order to like I use on their behalf in order to like I use on their behalf in order to like connect to some service that they use to connect to some service that they use to connect to some service that they use to print out a report. Like I would put print out a report. Like I would put print out a report. Like I would put that skill inside of the client folder.

[2:27:51] that skill inside of the client folder. that skill inside of the client folder. Then I also have a cloud.md. And that Then I also have a cloud.md. And that Then I also have a cloud.md. And that essentially, you know, I just run with a essentially, you know, I just run with a essentially, you know, I just run with a slash in it and that also just describes slash in it and that also just describes slash in it and that also just describes a little bit about the client. In the a little bit about the client. In the a little bit about the client. In the same way that I showed you guys earlier, same way that I showed you guys earlier, same way that I showed you guys earlier, I have my own cloud.md that describes a I have my own cloud.md that describes a I have my own cloud.md that describes a bunch of stuff about me. So, oh, who am bunch of stuff about me. So, oh, who am bunch of stuff about me. So, oh, who am I? Nick Suriya, if you know, I'm 30 I? Nick Suriya, if you know, I'm 30 I? Nick Suriya, if you know, I'm 30 years old. I'm an n-j. I currently live years old. I'm an n-j. I currently live years old. I'm an n-j. I currently live in XYZ area. Here are all my businesses. in XYZ area. Here are all my businesses. in XYZ area. Here are all my businesses. Here's how much money I make. Here's all Here's how much money I make. Here's all Here's how much money I make. Here's all this like highly relevant contextual this like highly relevant contextual this like highly relevant contextual information. information. information. I also have similar contextual I also have similar contextual I also have similar contextual information for my clients and then for information for my clients and then for information for my clients and then for their businesses as well as anybody on their businesses as well as anybody on their businesses as well as anybody on their team. So, that you know, if I say, their team. So, that you know, if I say, their team. So, that you know, if I say, "Hey, send a message over to Jane "Hey, send a message over to Jane "Hey, send a message over to Jane letting her know XYZ." It's literally

[2:28:22] letting her know XYZ." It's literally letting her know XYZ." It's literally just like one message and then and then just like one message and then and then just like one message and then and then it's sent. it's sent. it's sent. Okay, so I duplicate that across all my Okay, so I duplicate that across all my Okay, so I duplicate that across all my client base. So, client A, client B, client base. So, client A, client B, client base. So, client A, client B, client C, however many clients you have, client C, however many clients you have, client C, however many clients you have, that's how many project folders I'd that's how many project folders I'd that's how many project folders I'd have. And the key here and the reason have. And the key here and the reason have. And the key here and the reason why I think this is like this most solid why I think this is like this most solid why I think this is like this most solid organizational scheme I've stumbled on organizational scheme I've stumbled on organizational scheme I've stumbled on after several years of working with this after several years of working with this after several years of working with this stuff is you can actually call client stuff is you can actually call client stuff is you can actually call client skills while still being in the business skills while still being in the business skills while still being in the business workspace. workspace. workspace. You know, it's not the exact same You know, it's not the exact same You know, it's not the exact same because you're not technically loading because you're not technically loading because you're not technically loading them inside of the If I just go slash them inside of the If I just go slash them inside of the If I just go slash context here, you're not technically context here, you're not technically context here, you're not technically loading them inside of the actual loading them inside of the actual loading them inside of the actual context, okay? You only got the ones context, okay? You only got the ones context, okay? You only got the ones that are like sort of local here.

[2:28:53] that are like sort of local here. that are like sort of local here. &gt;&gt; [gasps] &gt;&gt; [gasps] &gt;&gt; [gasps] &gt;&gt; But you can still call skills that are &gt;&gt; But you can still call skills that are &gt;&gt; But you can still call skills that are not local simply by putting in your not local simply by putting in your not local simply by putting in your cloud.md a one-line thing that says, cloud.md a one-line thing that says, cloud.md a one-line thing that says, "Hey, "Hey, "Hey, there's some skills that we reference there's some skills that we reference there's some skills that we reference that aren't all going to live inside of that aren't all going to live inside of that aren't all going to live inside of the dot cloud/skills folder. These are the dot cloud/skills folder. These are the dot cloud/skills folder. These are client-specific skills. If you want to client-specific skills. If you want to client-specific skills. If you want to reference those, then you actually have reference those, then you actually have reference those, then you actually have to go inside of the client folder that to go inside of the client folder that to go inside of the client folder that I'm referencing and then, you know, pull I'm referencing and then, you know, pull I'm referencing and then, you know, pull it out that way." it out that way." it out that way." And so in my case, you know, the And so in my case, you know, the And so in my case, you know, the business business business workspace is sort of like top level and workspace is sort of like top level and workspace is sort of like top level and the client workspace is sort of the client workspace is sort of the client workspace is sort of underneath. So, what's up with this underneath. So, what's up with this underneath. So, what's up with this don't pollute root always store in don't pollute root always store in don't pollute root always store in active or subdirectories? You know, active or subdirectories? You know, active or subdirectories? You know, earlier I said I have an active folder.

[2:29:25] earlier I said I have an active folder. earlier I said I have an active folder. The reason why is because if you start The reason why is because if you start The reason why is because if you start polluting your root, it just ends up polluting your root, it just ends up polluting your root, it just ends up being like a total being like a total being like a total nuclear bomb waiting to happen. You just nuclear bomb waiting to happen. You just nuclear bomb waiting to happen. You just have so many files. Your files are have so many files. Your files are have so many files. Your files are stored all across one giant folder. Not stored all across one giant folder. Not stored all across one giant folder. Not only is it like visually insane to look only is it like visually insane to look only is it like visually insane to look at because it's like this is always open at because it's like this is always open at because it's like this is always open essentially and it just pushes all the essentially and it just pushes all the essentially and it just pushes all the way down to the bottom. Um but it's also way down to the bottom. Um but it's also way down to the bottom. Um but it's also a little disorganized for your agent as a little disorganized for your agent as a little disorganized for your agent as well. Better instead to store specific well. Better instead to store specific well. Better instead to store specific locations that you dump files to, okay, locations that you dump files to, okay, locations that you dump files to, okay, using the skill spec itself. So, for using the skill spec itself. So, for using the skill spec itself. So, for instance, inside of model chat, if I go

[2:29:55] instance, inside of model chat, if I go instance, inside of model chat, if I go over to my skill, you'll see that it over to my skill, you'll see that it over to my skill, you'll see that it actually specifies where to put the actually specifies where to put the actually specifies where to put the actual model chat. It literally says actual model chat. It literally says actual model chat. It literally says dump it inside of active/model-chat dump it inside of active/model-chat dump it inside of active/model-chat and then name it in this particular way. and then name it in this particular way. and then name it in this particular way. So, in that way this model-chat skill is So, in that way this model-chat skill is So, in that way this model-chat skill is actually hooked up over here to this actually hooked up over here to this actually hooked up over here to this model-chat, model-chat, model-chat, um you know, conversation thread. I can um you know, conversation thread. I can um you know, conversation thread. I can open that up and I can actually like see open that up and I can actually like see open that up and I can actually like see the conversations that we have been the conversations that we have been the conversations that we have been having. having. having. Um it's also much more organized for the Um it's also much more organized for the Um it's also much more organized for the skill because I'm not just dumping skill because I'm not just dumping skill because I'm not just dumping everything in the same place. everything in the same place. everything in the same place. Uh it's super easy to do and then I Uh it's super easy to do and then I Uh it's super easy to do and then I don't actually have to do any sort of

[2:30:25] don't actually have to do any sort of don't actually have to do any sort of like agentic search or agentic lookup, like agentic search or agentic lookup, like agentic search or agentic lookup, which I think is pretty valuable uh which I think is pretty valuable uh which I think is pretty valuable uh because agentic lookups are just more because agentic lookups are just more because agentic lookups are just more things that consume tokens. So, what I'm things that consume tokens. So, what I'm things that consume tokens. So, what I'm trying to say is I just store everything trying to say is I just store everything trying to say is I just store everything inside of like a folder I can toggle inside of like a folder I can toggle inside of like a folder I can toggle called /active and then I store any called /active and then I store any called /active and then I store any specific information as to where these specific information as to where these specific information as to where these things will go um inside of the actual things will go um inside of the actual things will go um inside of the actual skill themselves. So, you know, there's skill themselves. So, you know, there's skill themselves. So, you know, there's a bunch of leads of my own CRM, that's a bunch of leads of my own CRM, that's a bunch of leads of my own CRM, that's where they live. There's like some where they live. There's like some where they live. There's like some config files for other things, this is config files for other things, this is config files for other things, this is where they'd live. If I do research, where they'd live. If I do research, where they'd live. If I do research, this is where they'd live and so on and this is where they'd live and so on and this is where they'd live and so on and so forth. I would never store random so forth. I would never store random so forth. I would never store random scripts directly in root. Neither would scripts directly in root. Neither would scripts directly in root. Neither would I do temp files or data files. If you

[2:30:56] I do temp files or data files. If you I do temp files or data files. If you want like temp files, files that you want like temp files, files that you want like temp files, files that you know are only going to be used for like know are only going to be used for like know are only going to be used for like a short period of time or in the course a short period of time or in the course a short period of time or in the course of a a process being executed. of a a process being executed. of a a process being executed. Personally, I actually store these as Personally, I actually store these as Personally, I actually store these as like active/ .tmp inside of some hidden like active/ .tmp inside of some hidden like active/ .tmp inside of some hidden temp folder so they don't even mess up temp folder so they don't even mess up temp folder so they don't even mess up my active. my active. my active. And you're probably thinking like, And you're probably thinking like, And you're probably thinking like, "Well, won't I lose stuff if "Well, won't I lose stuff if "Well, won't I lose stuff if everything's super nested?" No, you you everything's super nested?" No, you you everything's super nested?" No, you you won't lose anything nowadays. You're won't lose anything nowadays. You're won't lose anything nowadays. You're trading off the amount of time it would trading off the amount of time it would trading off the amount of time it would take you to like scroll through your take you to like scroll through your take you to like scroll through your root thing for the amount of time it root thing for the amount of time it root thing for the amount of time it would just take you to pump it into your would just take you to pump it into your would just take you to pump it into your agent to ask it, "Hey, can you find agent to ask it, "Hey, can you find agent to ask it, "Hey, can you find XYZ?" But you'll find that if you just XYZ?" But you'll find that if you just XYZ?" But you'll find that if you just like allow the agent to organize your like allow the agent to organize your like allow the agent to organize your workspace, it it tends to do so in a

[2:31:27] workspace, it it tends to do so in a workspace, it it tends to do so in a pretty consistent and then reliable way. pretty consistent and then reliable way. pretty consistent and then reliable way. So long as you expressly give them a So long as you expressly give them a So long as you expressly give them a structure where you're like, "Hey, make structure where you're like, "Hey, make structure where you're like, "Hey, make sure I always put stuff in active." sure I always put stuff in active." sure I always put stuff in active." And remember earlier I talked about And remember earlier I talked about And remember earlier I talked about diversifying away from just Claude code. diversifying away from just Claude code. diversifying away from just Claude code. Well, what's really cool is um you know, Well, what's really cool is um you know, Well, what's really cool is um you know, when you run a business workspace like when you run a business workspace like when you run a business workspace like this and then you have your client and this and then you have your client and this and then you have your client and and and so on and so forth workspace and and so on and so forth workspace and and so on and so forth workspace sort of underneath it, uh what you can sort of underneath it, uh what you can sort of underneath it, uh what you can really easily do is just duplicate your really easily do is just duplicate your really easily do is just duplicate your Claude.md into an agents and then a Claude.md into an agents and then a Claude.md into an agents and then a Gemini.md. You can just have all of Gemini.md. You can just have all of Gemini.md. You can just have all of these in all of your workspaces these in all of your workspaces these in all of your workspaces simultaneously. Such that if at any simultaneously. Such that if at any simultaneously. Such that if at any point in time you want to use, I don't point in time you want to use, I don't point in time you want to use, I don't know, cursor for something, you want to

[2:31:57] know, cursor for something, you want to know, cursor for something, you want to open it in anti-gravity, you want to do open it in anti-gravity, you want to do open it in anti-gravity, you want to do it directly in Claude code. Like you it directly in Claude code. Like you it directly in Claude code. Like you never really run out of the system never really run out of the system never really run out of the system prompt um um design pattern. Like you prompt um um design pattern. Like you prompt um um design pattern. Like you know, if you have the same thing written know, if you have the same thing written know, if you have the same thing written in Claude.md, the same thing in in Claude.md, the same thing in in Claude.md, the same thing in agents.md, the same thing in Gemini.md, agents.md, the same thing in Gemini.md, agents.md, the same thing in Gemini.md, you can basically just like have that on you can basically just like have that on you can basically just like have that on 24/7. 24/7. 24/7. Now, I haven't needed to do that Now, I haven't needed to do that Now, I haven't needed to do that personally um in quite a while and I've personally um in quite a while and I've personally um in quite a while and I've actually been very lucky to have not actually been very lucky to have not actually been very lucky to have not been affected by some of the recent been affected by some of the recent been affected by some of the recent outages. But I remember back uh I don't outages. But I remember back uh I don't outages. But I remember back uh I don't know, like a month and a half ago or know, like a month and a half ago or know, like a month and a half ago or whatever, I actually had like a specific whatever, I actually had like a specific whatever, I actually had like a specific line that said, "Hey, I want you to line that said, "Hey, I want you to line that said, "Hey, I want you to synchronize the Claude.md with the synchronize the Claude.md with the synchronize the Claude.md with the agents.md and the Gemini.md all the time agents.md and the Gemini.md all the time agents.md and the Gemini.md all the time just in case, you know, we have an just in case, you know, we have an just in case, you know, we have an outage and I need to drop this into a

[2:32:28] outage and I need to drop this into a outage and I need to drop this into a different coding platform." Now, another different coding platform." Now, another different coding platform." Now, another thing that'll happen reasonably often thing that'll happen reasonably often thing that'll happen reasonably often is, you know, because we're not dumping is, you know, because we're not dumping is, you know, because we're not dumping stuff into our root, we're going to end stuff into our root, we're going to end stuff into our root, we're going to end up dumping a lot of stuff into um up dumping a lot of stuff into um up dumping a lot of stuff into um active, right? And so I have like just a active, right? And so I have like just a active, right? And so I have like just a bunch of stuff here. Dub video links, CA bunch of stuff here. Dub video links, CA bunch of stuff here. Dub video links, CA dentist, auto research, Hindi source, dentist, auto research, Hindi source, dentist, auto research, Hindi source, you know, when I was dubbing my stuff, you know, when I was dubbing my stuff, you know, when I was dubbing my stuff, bunch of different um um screenshots and bunch of different um um screenshots and bunch of different um um screenshots and stuff like that. Uh you want to stuff like that. Uh you want to stuff like that. Uh you want to periodically clean up this workspace. So periodically clean up this workspace. So periodically clean up this workspace. So you periodically want to say something you periodically want to say something you periodically want to say something along the lines of, "Hey, clean up my along the lines of, "Hey, clean up my along the lines of, "Hey, clean up my active {slash} folder. Anything inside active {slash} folder. Anything inside active {slash} folder. Anything inside of subfolders are fine, but anything of subfolders are fine, but anything of subfolders are fine, but anything that's just loosely in the in the

[2:32:59] that's just loosely in the in the that's just loosely in the in the folder, like any TXT files, PY files, folder, like any TXT files, PY files, folder, like any TXT files, PY files, JPEGs and related, I want you to clean JPEGs and related, I want you to clean JPEGs and related, I want you to clean up by either deciding if it's necessary. up by either deciding if it's necessary. up by either deciding if it's necessary. If it's just a temp file, just get rid If it's just a temp file, just get rid If it's just a temp file, just get rid of it. Otherwise, store it in a folder of it. Otherwise, store it in a folder of it. Otherwise, store it in a folder that makes sense." You're going to want that makes sense." You're going to want that makes sense." You're going to want to run something like this reasonably to run something like this reasonably to run something like this reasonably often. Um the reason why is because you often. Um the reason why is because you often. Um the reason why is because you just don't want to have to, you know, just don't want to have to, you know, just don't want to have to, you know, scroll again through like a quadrillion scroll again through like a quadrillion scroll again through like a quadrillion different things. You also want to make different things. You also want to make different things. You also want to make sure that any future model that comes sure that any future model that comes sure that any future model that comes around can just like very logically look around can just like very logically look around can just like very logically look at uh uh some sort of organizational at uh uh some sort of organizational at uh uh some sort of organizational hierarchy and then make decisions based hierarchy and then make decisions based hierarchy and then make decisions based off of that. So, that's what's going on off of that. So, that's what's going on off of that. So, that's what's going on here with all these docs for I closed, here with all these docs for I closed, here with all these docs for I closed, right? It's deciding what to do here.

[2:33:30] right? It's deciding what to do here. right? It's deciding what to do here. It's going to download them into It's going to download them into It's going to download them into different folders. It's actually going different folders. It's actually going different folders. It's actually going to get rid of a couple files here like, to get rid of a couple files here like, to get rid of a couple files here like, "Hey, this is a file. This is an "Hey, this is a file. This is an "Hey, this is a file. This is an incomplete download. This is a bunch of incomplete download. This is a bunch of incomplete download. This is a bunch of unnamed temp snapshots, right?" And And unnamed temp snapshots, right?" And And unnamed temp snapshots, right?" And And what you'll find is within like 2 what you'll find is within like 2 what you'll find is within like 2 seconds it just does the whole thing. seconds it just does the whole thing. seconds it just does the whole thing. So, now my active folder is much much So, now my active folder is much much So, now my active folder is much much cleaner and I don't have to worry about cleaner and I don't have to worry about cleaner and I don't have to worry about this sort of thing ever again, which is this sort of thing ever again, which is this sort of thing ever again, which is nice. nice. nice. Um and you know, in my case I also have Um and you know, in my case I also have Um and you know, in my case I also have a couple of these web design projects. a couple of these web design projects. a couple of these web design projects. Enumerate web design in active. These Enumerate web design in active. These Enumerate web design in active. These are things like Volta, are things like Volta, are things like Volta, Aura, and so on and so forth. Find Aura, and so on and so forth. Find Aura, and so on and so forth. Find similar projects and then store all of similar projects and then store all of similar projects and then store all of them within a web dash design folder.

[2:34:01] them within a web dash design folder. them within a web dash design folder. And despite the fact that, you know, you And despite the fact that, you know, you And despite the fact that, you know, you might be like thinking, "Nick, why the might be like thinking, "Nick, why the might be like thinking, "Nick, why the hell are you spending time and energy hell are you spending time and energy hell are you spending time and energy doing this?" Um if your workspace is doing this?" Um if your workspace is doing this?" Um if your workspace is clean, the work that you do within that clean, the work that you do within that clean, the work that you do within that workspace tends to be a lot cleaner as workspace tends to be a lot cleaner as workspace tends to be a lot cleaner as well. And so, I mean, in my case I just well. And so, I mean, in my case I just well. And so, I mean, in my case I just found what? Like 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 found what? Like 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 found what? Like 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 or something like that different things. or something like that different things. or something like that different things. I've just sorted all these out now. I've just sorted all these out now. I've just sorted all these out now. Anything here that is more personal than Anything here that is more personal than Anything here that is more personal than business, let me know and I'll upload it business, let me know and I'll upload it business, let me know and I'll upload it into the personal workspace instead. I into the personal workspace instead. I into the personal workspace instead. I just let that go, but I don't obviously just let that go, but I don't obviously just let that go, but I don't obviously want to show you cuz there are some want to show you cuz there are some want to show you cuz there are some personal things in there. And that takes personal things in there. And that takes personal things in there. And that takes me to the next point of workspace

[2:34:32] me to the next point of workspace me to the next point of workspace organization, which is everything that I organization, which is everything that I organization, which is everything that I just talked to you about when it comes just talked to you about when it comes just talked to you about when it comes to like organizing with a business at to like organizing with a business at to like organizing with a business at the top level and then having various the top level and then having various the top level and then having various client folders in. You can do the exact client folders in. You can do the exact client folders in. You can do the exact same thing with personal. And so, I same thing with personal. And so, I same thing with personal. And so, I don't actually just have a business sort don't actually just have a business sort don't actually just have a business sort of workspace set up. Claude has now gone of workspace set up. Claude has now gone of workspace set up. Claude has now gone beyond just my business partner, okay? beyond just my business partner, okay? beyond just my business partner, okay? And it also assists me with a lot of And it also assists me with a lot of And it also assists me with a lot of personal stuff. When I say personal personal stuff. When I say personal personal stuff. When I say personal stuff, I'm not referring to like, I stuff, I'm not referring to like, I stuff, I'm not referring to like, I don't know, relationship troubles or don't know, relationship troubles or don't know, relationship troubles or whatever. I'm talking about like, for whatever. I'm talking about like, for whatever. I'm talking about like, for the most part, my health. Uh the most part, my health. Uh the most part, my health. Uh you know, things like my my my you know, things like my my my you know, things like my my my citizenship paperwork, uh you know,

[2:35:02] citizenship paperwork, uh you know, citizenship paperwork, uh you know, important documentation relating to my important documentation relating to my important documentation relating to my identity, personal projects that I have identity, personal projects that I have identity, personal projects that I have that are, I don't know, related to like that are, I don't know, related to like that are, I don't know, related to like learning piano, learning piano, learning piano, uh that sort of thing. And so, like I uh that sort of thing. And so, like I uh that sort of thing. And so, like I have like a business one over here, have like a business one over here, have like a business one over here, okay? But just because I want this to be okay? But just because I want this to be okay? But just because I want this to be really really clean, I'm also going to really really clean, I'm also going to really really clean, I'm also going to show you guys a personal um version of show you guys a personal um version of show you guys a personal um version of this. this. this. Okay, which is basically the exact same Okay, which is basically the exact same Okay, which is basically the exact same thing. And then instead of doing this thing. And then instead of doing this thing. And then instead of doing this via clients, which you know, I mean like via clients, which you know, I mean like via clients, which you know, I mean like obviously if it's it's a personal obviously if it's it's a personal obviously if it's it's a personal project, it's not a client project project, it's not a client project project, it's not a client project anymore and then you can't really do it anymore and then you can't really do it

[2:35:32] anymore and then you can't really do it that way. that way. that way. But instead of doing things based off of But instead of doing things based off of But instead of doing things based off of clients, I now recommend doing things clients, I now recommend doing things clients, I now recommend doing things based off of like domain and or based off of like domain and or based off of like domain and or you know, like a particular field of you know, like a particular field of you know, like a particular field of your life. So I haven't found the best your life. So I haven't found the best your life. So I haven't found the best way to organize this yet, but for way to organize this yet, but for way to organize this yet, but for instance, I have one right now on instance, I have one right now on instance, I have one right now on citizenship because I'm currently citizenship because I'm currently citizenship because I'm currently proving my my citizenship to you know, a proving my my citizenship to you know, a proving my my citizenship to you know, a particular country in Europe and as a particular country in Europe and as a particular country in Europe and as a result I'll be able to be a an EU result I'll be able to be a an EU result I'll be able to be a an EU citizen, which is going to be pretty citizen, which is going to be pretty citizen, which is going to be pretty fun. Likewise, I have a sub one called fun. Likewise, I have a sub one called fun. Likewise, I have a sub one called health. This contains a couple of skills health. This contains a couple of skills health. This contains a couple of skills that I use to like visualize my genetic that I use to like visualize my genetic that I use to like visualize my genetic libraries and stuff like that. And

[2:36:02] libraries and stuff like that. And libraries and stuff like that. And hopefully you guys are seeing the point. hopefully you guys are seeing the point. hopefully you guys are seeing the point. What you do is you just sort of What you do is you just sort of What you do is you just sort of you enumerate the clients of your you enumerate the clients of your you enumerate the clients of your personal life, which tend to be projects personal life, which tend to be projects personal life, which tend to be projects like citizenship, you know, your health, like citizenship, you know, your health, like citizenship, you know, your health, I don't know, your skin care and I don't know, your skin care and I don't know, your skin care and whatnot. And then you contact or or or whatnot. And then you contact or or or whatnot. And then you contact or or or list those underneath your personal list those underneath your personal list those underneath your personal workspace. Then you also have skills workspace. Then you also have skills workspace. Then you also have skills related to your personal workspace like related to your personal workspace like related to your personal workspace like hey, you know, can you clear out all of hey, you know, can you clear out all of hey, you know, can you clear out all of my I don't know, like personal emails my I don't know, like personal emails my I don't know, like personal emails for X, Y and Z. In this way, you have a for X, Y and Z. In this way, you have a for X, Y and Z. In this way, you have a good separation, at least in my mind, good separation, at least in my mind, good separation, at least in my mind, between business life, your personal between business life, your personal between business life, your personal life and then also just logical grouping life and then also just logical grouping life and then also just logical grouping of each of the different things that you

[2:36:32] of each of the different things that you of each of the different things that you can do within them. So I also have as can do within them. So I also have as can do within them. So I also have as mentioned, you know, that personal mentioned, you know, that personal mentioned, you know, that personal folder. I can open that personal folder folder. I can open that personal folder folder. I can open that personal folder at any time I want, which is right back at any time I want, which is right back at any time I want, which is right back up here. up here. up here. And that'll just contain, you know, And that'll just contain, you know, And that'll just contain, you know, specific personal conversations I've had specific personal conversations I've had specific personal conversations I've had with you know, Claude and anti-gravity with you know, Claude and anti-gravity with you know, Claude and anti-gravity to do things. And I'm happy to like pay to do things. And I'm happy to like pay to do things. And I'm happy to like pay token costs and stuff like that to token costs and stuff like that to token costs and stuff like that to absorb that because my personal life absorb that because my personal life absorb that because my personal life isn't like personal personal, it's just isn't like personal personal, it's just isn't like personal personal, it's just stuff that is not business, right? If I stuff that is not business, right? If I stuff that is not business, right? If I can improve the productivity of that, can improve the productivity of that, can improve the productivity of that, might as well. might as well. might as well. One more thing you'll notice is that One more thing you'll notice is that One more thing you'll notice is that when I open up this personal, the colors when I open up this personal, the colors when I open up this personal, the colors were a little bit different. Um I do were a little bit different. Um I do were a little bit different. Um I do that on purpose. I do that because you

[2:37:02] that on purpose. I do that because you that on purpose. I do that because you know, if I am working on business stuff, know, if I am working on business stuff, know, if I am working on business stuff, I want it to be very clearly like I want it to be very clearly like I want it to be very clearly like accessible and visible to like my my my accessible and visible to like my my my accessible and visible to like my my my monkey brain. Like I instantly want to I monkey brain. Like I instantly want to I monkey brain. Like I instantly want to I in my business folder. Whereas when I'm in my business folder. Whereas when I'm in my business folder. Whereas when I'm in my personal folder, that's different. in my personal folder, that's different. in my personal folder, that's different. And so what I've done is I've I've made And so what I've done is I've I've made And so what I've done is I've I've made the outline of this green. I do that by the outline of this green. I do that by the outline of this green. I do that by creating this .vscode settings folder, creating this .vscode settings folder, creating this .vscode settings folder, and then I just have a sort of like this and then I just have a sort of like this and then I just have a sort of like this config that VS Code reads at the config that VS Code reads at the config that VS Code reads at the beginning of every run to like actually beginning of every run to like actually beginning of every run to like actually change that upper bar. This isn't like a change that upper bar. This isn't like a change that upper bar. This isn't like a super big unlock or anything, but I do super big unlock or anything, but I do super big unlock or anything, but I do find just like having a slightly find just like having a slightly find just like having a slightly different color will always just make me different color will always just make me different color will always just make me want to be like, "Hey, this is my want to be like, "Hey, this is my want to be like, "Hey, this is my personal folder, so I have access to personal folder, so I have access to personal folder, so I have access to like personal information here, so I can

[2:37:33] like personal information here, so I can like personal information here, so I can actually have a conversation about actually have a conversation about actually have a conversation about whatever. I don't need to re-prompt it whatever. I don't need to re-prompt it whatever. I don't need to re-prompt it with a bunch of stuff." You'll also with a bunch of stuff." You'll also with a bunch of stuff." You'll also notice that you know, this doesn't have notice that you know, this doesn't have notice that you know, this doesn't have like the Netlify or a bunch of those like the Netlify or a bunch of those like the Netlify or a bunch of those other sections because this personal other sections because this personal other sections because this personal folder only stores stuff that is like folder only stores stuff that is like folder only stores stuff that is like for me. It's not for Netlify. Okay, so for me. It's not for Netlify. Okay, so for me. It's not for Netlify. Okay, so hopefully that gave you some insight hopefully that gave you some insight hopefully that gave you some insight into at least how I organize my into at least how I organize my into at least how I organize my workspace, but this isn't by no means workspace, but this isn't by no means workspace, but this isn't by no means the only way to do so. There are a bunch the only way to do so. There are a bunch the only way to do so. There are a bunch of other ways to do it as well. One of other ways to do it as well. One of other ways to do it as well. One candidate way is instead of having like candidate way is instead of having like candidate way is instead of having like a business workspace, what you do is you a business workspace, what you do is you a business workspace, what you do is you just enumerate all the projects in your just enumerate all the projects in your just enumerate all the projects in your business. So I don't know, you might business. So I don't know, you might business. So I don't know, you might have a project for instance that's like

[2:38:03] have a project for instance that's like have a project for instance that's like website overhaul. What you do is you website overhaul. What you do is you website overhaul. What you do is you have like a top-level folder. Okay, your have like a top-level folder. Okay, your have like a top-level folder. Okay, your top-level folder might be business or it top-level folder might be business or it top-level folder might be business or it might be whatever the name of your might be whatever the name of your might be whatever the name of your company, Left Click Incorporated. Then company, Left Click Incorporated. Then company, Left Click Incorporated. Then inside you have a projects folder, then inside you have a projects folder, then inside you have a projects folder, then underneath your projects folder you have underneath your projects folder you have underneath your projects folder you have like website design, you have like website design, you have like website design, you have conversion rate optimization, you have conversion rate optimization, you have conversion rate optimization, you have lead generation, and so on and so forth. lead generation, and so on and so forth. lead generation, and so on and so forth. If you're running a business, you can If you're running a business, you can If you're running a business, you can actually now have your CRM entirely actually now have your CRM entirely actually now have your CRM entirely within Claude Code as like a .json file, within Claude Code as like a .json file, within Claude Code as like a .json file, and then periodically on a daily basis and then periodically on a daily basis and then periodically on a daily basis you can synchronize using some sort of you can synchronize using some sort of you can synchronize using some sort of cron job or something like that to I cron job or something like that to I cron job or something like that to I don't know, some events that are pulled

[2:38:33] don't know, some events that are pulled don't know, some events that are pulled in from your calendar. You could store in from your calendar. You could store in from your calendar. You could store stuff that way. I've seen people host stuff that way. I've seen people host stuff that way. I've seen people host everything on GitHub as well, do some everything on GitHub as well, do some everything on GitHub as well, do some sort of like daily uh sort of like daily uh sort of like daily uh download or clone of GitHub, and then download or clone of GitHub, and then download or clone of GitHub, and then some sort of like nightly push so that some sort of like nightly push so that some sort of like nightly push so that they always have all their information they always have all their information they always have all their information stored on the cloud. You can do that in stored on the cloud. You can do that in stored on the cloud. You can do that in conjunction with the previous system I conjunction with the previous system I conjunction with the previous system I told you about where the business / told you about where the business / told you about where the business / personal / client one that I talked personal / client one that I talked personal / client one that I talked about initially. You can also just ask about initially. You can also just ask about initially. You can also just ask Claude to set it up according to however Claude to set it up according to however Claude to set it up according to however you like. If you guys don't like the way you like. If you guys don't like the way you like. If you guys don't like the way that I set up my workspace for whatever that I set up my workspace for whatever that I set up my workspace for whatever reason, despite the fact that I do think reason, despite the fact that I do think reason, despite the fact that I do think it is probably like top 10, um you know, it is probably like top 10, um you know, it is probably like top 10, um you know, by all means you can just ask Claude, by all means you can just ask Claude, by all means you can just ask Claude, "Hey, I want to have information for

[2:39:03] "Hey, I want to have information for "Hey, I want to have information for this, I want information for this. Can this, I want information for this. Can this, I want information for this. Can you build me like a a you build me like a a you build me like a a naming scheme or a that will enable me naming scheme or a that will enable me naming scheme or a that will enable me to do that better. Okay, hopefully you to do that better. Okay, hopefully you to do that better. Okay, hopefully you guys like this and it made a lot of guys like this and it made a lot of guys like this and it made a lot of sense to you. You guys have any sense to you. You guys have any sense to you. You guys have any questions on that, let me know. Um but questions on that, let me know. Um but questions on that, let me know. Um but let's move on to the next module. let's move on to the next module. let's move on to the next module. Now on to a topic that I think a lot of Now on to a topic that I think a lot of Now on to a topic that I think a lot of people don't like, security. And bear people don't like, security. And bear people don't like, security. And bear with me. Usually most of the time when with me. Usually most of the time when with me. Usually most of the time when people talk about security, it's sort of people talk about security, it's sort of people talk about security, it's sort of divided into two camps. On the left-hand divided into two camps. On the left-hand divided into two camps. On the left-hand side you have like the accelerationist side you have like the accelerationist side you have like the accelerationist that are like, "Cloud code for that are like, "Cloud code for that are like, "Cloud code for everything, baby. I just gave it my DNA

[2:39:34] everything, baby. I just gave it my DNA everything, baby. I just gave it my DNA and USB stick with all of my personal and USB stick with all of my personal and USB stick with all of my personal private information and passwords. Let's private information and passwords. Let's private information and passwords. Let's do this thing." Then on the other side do this thing." Then on the other side do this thing." Then on the other side you have like grubby old folk that used you have like grubby old folk that used you have like grubby old folk that used to, you know, program computers by punch to, you know, program computers by punch to, you know, program computers by punch cards. And so obviously there's some cards. And so obviously there's some cards. And so obviously there's some irreconcilable differences there. irreconcilable differences there. irreconcilable differences there. They're like, "What the heck? Why would They're like, "What the heck? Why would They're like, "What the heck? Why would you even, I don't know, like make you even, I don't know, like make you even, I don't know, like make something web accessible, man? You something web accessible, man? You something web accessible, man? You should do everything on bare metal." And should do everything on bare metal." And should do everything on bare metal." And then other folk are like, "Well, you then other folk are like, "Well, you then other folk are like, "Well, you should just have cloud code do should just have cloud code do should just have cloud code do everything." everything." everything." Now the reality, like most things, is Now the reality, like most things, is Now the reality, like most things, is nuanced and in my opinion the best case nuanced and in my opinion the best case nuanced and in my opinion the best case is somewhere in between.

[2:40:04] is somewhere in between. is somewhere in between. So this module and the next are going to So this module and the next are going to So this module and the next are going to be a lot of talking and a little bit of be a lot of talking and a little bit of be a lot of talking and a little bit of demoing. Um but it's important for you demoing. Um but it's important for you demoing. Um but it's important for you guys to understand as cloud code ends up guys to understand as cloud code ends up guys to understand as cloud code ends up becoming more of the predominant becoming more of the predominant becoming more of the predominant generator of productivity in your life generator of productivity in your life generator of productivity in your life that there are a few small security that there are a few small security that there are a few small security differences or impacts that you can have differences or impacts that you can have differences or impacts that you can have on cloud code that solve like 90-ish on cloud code that solve like 90-ish on cloud code that solve like 90-ish percent of all of the possible downsides percent of all of the possible downsides percent of all of the possible downsides and there's basically no reason not to and there's basically no reason not to and there's basically no reason not to do them. do them. do them. Okay, so I have this Google Doc over Okay, so I have this Google Doc over Okay, so I have this Google Doc over here that I'm just going to walk you here that I'm just going to walk you here that I'm just going to walk you guys through. And really the first point guys through. And really the first point guys through. And really the first point I want to make is that everything on I want to make is that everything on I want to make is that everything on planet Earth is hackable. It's always planet Earth is hackable. It's always planet Earth is hackable. It's always just a question of how hackable.

[2:40:36] just a question of how hackable. just a question of how hackable. You know, your front door is hackable. You know, your front door is hackable. You know, your front door is hackable. Uh technically speaking the the Uh technically speaking the the Uh technically speaking the the Department of Defense is hackable. Department of Defense is hackable. Department of Defense is hackable. Everything is hackable. It's just what Everything is hackable. It's just what Everything is hackable. It's just what is the risk and reward involved in is the risk and reward involved in is the risk and reward involved in securing it to the point where you, you securing it to the point where you, you securing it to the point where you, you know, dispel 90-ish percent of know, dispel 90-ish percent of know, dispel 90-ish percent of attackers. attackers. attackers. So So So the way that I see things, you should the way that I see things, you should the way that I see things, you should 80/20 security, 80/20 security, 80/20 security, avoid most of the low-hanging fruit, and avoid most of the low-hanging fruit, and avoid most of the low-hanging fruit, and then just accept that there's always then just accept that there's always then just accept that there's always going to be some small percentage of going to be some small percentage of going to be some small percentage of people that are going to hack you anyway people that are going to hack you anyway people that are going to hack you anyway or try to hack you anyway. or try to hack you anyway. or try to hack you anyway. And you know, depending on how big your And you know, depending on how big your And you know, depending on how big your vibe coded app or agentically engineered

[2:41:06] vibe coded app or agentically engineered vibe coded app or agentically engineered flow ends up getting, obviously your flow ends up getting, obviously your flow ends up getting, obviously your attack surface is going to increase attack surface is going to increase attack surface is going to increase one-to-one with that. one-to-one with that. one-to-one with that. You know, just for a reference, like You know, just for a reference, like You know, just for a reference, like when I was first starting on YouTube, I when I was first starting on YouTube, I when I was first starting on YouTube, I had like one login attempt per month, had like one login attempt per month, had like one login attempt per month, and it was always me. and it was always me. and it was always me. But now I get like probably 30 to 40 But now I get like probably 30 to 40 But now I get like probably 30 to 40 login attempts per day. It's just a login attempts per day. It's just a login attempts per day. It's just a bunch of people that are constantly bunch of people that are constantly bunch of people that are constantly trying to hack my ass. You know, back in trying to hack my ass. You know, back in trying to hack my ass. You know, back in the day I had nothing sort of to lose, the day I had nothing sort of to lose, the day I had nothing sort of to lose, wasn't a very big deal. Now it's wasn't a very big deal. Now it's wasn't a very big deal. Now it's obviously a lot a lot bigger. And you obviously a lot a lot bigger. And you obviously a lot a lot bigger. And you find this as you kind of go up the find this as you kind of go up the find this as you kind of go up the chain. You know, if you become a public chain. You know, if you become a public chain. You know, if you become a public figure or whatever, obviously you're figure or whatever, obviously you're figure or whatever, obviously you're more likely to get that. Can't imagine more likely to get that. Can't imagine more likely to get that. Can't imagine what Chris Hemsworth freaking open claw

[2:41:37] what Chris Hemsworth freaking open claw what Chris Hemsworth freaking open claw probably looks like, but that's aside probably looks like, but that's aside probably looks like, but that's aside from the point. Just know that from the point. Just know that from the point. Just know that everything is sort of relative, and in everything is sort of relative, and in everything is sort of relative, and in in your shoes, you should just cover the in your shoes, you should just cover the in your shoes, you should just cover the 80/20. 80/20. 80/20. Okay? So, we're just going to get to a Okay? So, we're just going to get to a Okay? So, we're just going to get to a point where our app or setup is less point where our app or setup is less point where our app or setup is less hackable than the amount of time and hackable than the amount of time and hackable than the amount of time and effort it would require to actually go effort it would require to actually go effort it would require to actually go through it. Anybody could theoretically through it. Anybody could theoretically through it. Anybody could theoretically break into your house right now. Most break into your house right now. Most break into your house right now. Most people don't because there's just a people don't because there's just a people don't because there's just a little bit more effort required to break little bit more effort required to break little bit more effort required to break into your house versus, you know, if you into your house versus, you know, if you into your house versus, you know, if you just unlocked your front door, then just unlocked your front door, then just unlocked your front door, then somebody could walk right in. somebody could walk right in. somebody could walk right in. So, what we're going to do is we're So, what we're going to do is we're So, what we're going to do is we're going to put the equivalent of a fence going to put the equivalent of a fence going to put the equivalent of a fence and a camera up, eliminate most of and a camera up, eliminate most of and a camera up, eliminate most of these, and then we should be good to go.

[2:42:07] these, and then we should be good to go. these, and then we should be good to go. Okay? Okay? Okay? So, let's just cover some low-hanging So, let's just cover some low-hanging So, let's just cover some low-hanging fruit right off the bat. And at the end, fruit right off the bat. And at the end, fruit right off the bat. And at the end, I'm actually going to give you guys a I'm actually going to give you guys a I'm actually going to give you guys a simple security audit that you guys simple security audit that you guys simple security audit that you guys could use to copy and paste through any could use to copy and paste through any could use to copy and paste through any sort of app or system or or website or sort of app or system or or website or sort of app or system or or website or or web property that you have to or web property that you have to or web property that you have to basically minimize the probability of basically minimize the probability of basically minimize the probability of this occurring. this occurring. this occurring. The first thing to know, which I think The first thing to know, which I think The first thing to know, which I think most people don't, is that you actually most people don't, is that you actually most people don't, is that you actually leak API keys every time you chat leak API keys every time you chat leak API keys every time you chat through plain text with Claude. through plain text with Claude. through plain text with Claude. Now, maybe they'll fix this at a future Now, maybe they'll fix this at a future Now, maybe they'll fix this at a future version, but uh right now it's not. All version, but uh right now it's not. All version, but uh right now it's not. All Claude code conversations are actually Claude code conversations are actually Claude code conversations are actually stored in this folder right here in your stored in this folder right here in your stored in this folder right here in your computer. Tilde just stands for home

[2:42:38] computer. Tilde just stands for home computer. Tilde just stands for home folder {slash} and then dot is a hidden folder {slash} and then dot is a hidden folder {slash} and then dot is a hidden convention in both Mac, Windows, and convention in both Mac, Windows, and convention in both Mac, Windows, and Linux, where if you have a dot in front Linux, where if you have a dot in front Linux, where if you have a dot in front of something, you know, you just can't of something, you know, you just can't of something, you know, you just can't see it unless you specifically enable see it unless you specifically enable see it unless you specifically enable like the hidden folder view. like the hidden folder view. like the hidden folder view. So, what that means is you probably have So, what that means is you probably have So, what that means is you probably have a a long-running log of API tokens that a a long-running log of API tokens that a a long-running log of API tokens that are hard-coded there outside of, you are hard-coded there outside of, you are hard-coded there outside of, you know, a dot env or whatever. And just to know, a dot env or whatever. And just to know, a dot env or whatever. And just to show you, I'm going to head over to my show you, I'm going to head over to my show you, I'm going to head over to my anti-gravity instance. this one is the anti-gravity instance. this one is the anti-gravity instance. this one is the same auto research repo that we were same auto research repo that we were same auto research repo that we were doing other stuff on, and I'm just going doing other stuff on, and I'm just going doing other stuff on, and I'm just going to say, "Hey, I want you to remember the to say, "Hey, I want you to remember the to say, "Hey, I want you to remember the word" Well, let's not even do that. I'm word" Well, let's not even do that. I'm word" Well, let's not even do that. I'm just going to say, "Hey, what are your

[2:43:09] just going to say, "Hey, what are your just going to say, "Hey, what are your opinions on Quetzal" opinions on Quetzal" opinions on Quetzal" coatlus? I don't know. There's some sort coatlus? I don't know. There's some sort coatlus? I don't know. There's some sort of animal I think called a of animal I think called a of animal I think called a Quetzalcoatlus. Quetzalcoatlus. Quetzalcoatlus. Um that's outside my wheelhouse. I'm a Um that's outside my wheelhouse. I'm a Um that's outside my wheelhouse. I'm a coding assistant, so I don't really have coding assistant, so I don't really have coding assistant, so I don't really have opinions on Mesoamerican feathered opinions on Mesoamerican feathered opinions on Mesoamerican feathered serpents. serpents. serpents. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Interesting. So, hopefully I didn't &gt;&gt; Interesting. So, hopefully I didn't &gt;&gt; Interesting. So, hopefully I didn't absolutely butcher this. Is it absolutely butcher this. Is it absolutely butcher this. Is it Quetzalcoatlus? Quetzalcoatlus? Quetzalcoatlus? Ah, okay. It's this right over here. Ah, okay. It's this right over here. Ah, okay. It's this right over here. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, I'm just going to insert this into a So, I'm just going to insert this into a So, I'm just going to insert this into a chat history. And the reason why is chat history. And the reason why is chat history. And the reason why is because I want to open this up, and then because I want to open this up, and then because I want to open this up, and then I want to say, I want to say, I want to say, "Search through

[2:43:39] "Search through "Search through um dot Claude in the tilde folder for um dot Claude in the tilde folder for um dot Claude in the tilde folder for any conversation mentioning any conversation mentioning any conversation mentioning Quetzalcoatlus." Quetzalcoatlus." Quetzalcoatlus." And what you'll see is there's actually And what you'll see is there's actually And what you'll see is there's actually a long-running log of all conversations a long-running log of all conversations a long-running log of all conversations basically right here in this folder. In basically right here in this folder. In basically right here in this folder. In my case, it's /users/nextra. That's my my case, it's /users/nextra. That's my my case, it's /users/nextra. That's my That's my home folder. That's my home folder. That's my home folder. And now it's going to actually pull up And now it's going to actually pull up And now it's going to actually pull up the conversation files and give it to me the conversation files and give it to me the conversation files and give it to me word for word. word for word. word for word. "Give them to me line by line, whole "Give them to me line by line, whole "Give them to me line by line, whole convos." convos." convos." And so essentially, you know, if we And so essentially, you know, if we And so essentially, you know, if we actually uh dive into the output there,

[2:44:09] actually uh dive into the output there, actually uh dive into the output there, um the way that this information is um the way that this information is um the way that this information is stored is they're stored in JSONL files, stored is they're stored in JSONL files, stored is they're stored in JSONL files, which are like JSON files that are line which are like JSON files that are line which are like JSON files that are line by line by line. by line by line. by line by line. And you can actually see how they're And you can actually see how they're And you can actually see how they're returned returned returned just by just by just by doing a search here. I mean, I can doing a search here. I mean, I can doing a search here. I mean, I can obviously open it up, but you know, I obviously open it up, but you know, I obviously open it up, but you know, I probably have API tokens and stuff like probably have API tokens and stuff like probably have API tokens and stuff like that. And then I don't really want to that. And then I don't really want to that. And then I don't really want to do. You can see that they're organized do. You can see that they're organized do. You can see that they're organized into um like a big JSON sort of into um like a big JSON sort of into um like a big JSON sort of structure, right? And so you can structure, right? And so you can structure, right? And so you can actually see if it pulls it out, you now actually see if it pulls it out, you now actually see if it pulls it out, you now have the transcript which is user, have the transcript which is user, have the transcript which is user, title, assistant, user, assistant. This

[2:44:40] title, assistant, user, assistant. This title, assistant, user, assistant. This is the exact same chat that we just had is the exact same chat that we just had is the exact same chat that we just had back here. back here. back here. And so I'm sure you can imagine like And so I'm sure you can imagine like And so I'm sure you can imagine like you're going to have a bunch of API keys you're going to have a bunch of API keys you're going to have a bunch of API keys that you pasted in plain text also that you pasted in plain text also that you pasted in plain text also available here. available here. available here. And I mean like that's not the end of And I mean like that's not the end of And I mean like that's not the end of the world. Obviously, we need to store the world. Obviously, we need to store the world. Obviously, we need to store our API keys somewhere. But uh a very our API keys somewhere. But uh a very our API keys somewhere. But uh a very low-hanging fruit in security is just low-hanging fruit in security is just low-hanging fruit in security is just minimizing the number of places that you minimizing the number of places that you minimizing the number of places that you have um the same sensitive information have um the same sensitive information have um the same sensitive information spread out. Like, if you have the same spread out. Like, if you have the same spread out. Like, if you have the same sensitive information, a key API key to sensitive information, a key API key to sensitive information, a key API key to like your Anthropic account or whatever, like your Anthropic account or whatever, like your Anthropic account or whatever, stored in five different places, the stored in five different places, the stored in five different places, the probability somebody stumbles across probability somebody stumbles across probability somebody stumbles across this at some point, if they're hacking this at some point, if they're hacking this at some point, if they're hacking you or if it's just some sort of routine you or if it's just some sort of routine you or if it's just some sort of routine data check or whatever, um is is like

[2:45:11] data check or whatever, um is is like data check or whatever, um is is like not just five times higher, it's not just five times higher, it's not just five times higher, it's something like 500 times higher. something like 500 times higher. something like 500 times higher. And I think a lot of attackers now are And I think a lot of attackers now are And I think a lot of attackers now are realizing the attack surface. And a good realizing the attack surface. And a good realizing the attack surface. And a good place to like look for this sort of place to like look for this sort of place to like look for this sort of thing is in the conversation history. thing is in the conversation history. thing is in the conversation history. So, you know, you can't avoid having So, you know, you can't avoid having So, you know, you can't avoid having some API key stored around, but a really some API key stored around, but a really some API key stored around, but a really simple and easy way to avoid this is simple and easy way to avoid this is simple and easy way to avoid this is basically instead of inserting um you basically instead of inserting um you basically instead of inserting um you know, I'm just going to make like a know, I'm just going to make like a know, I'm just going to make like a fake.env here, fake.env here, fake.env here, and then instead, I think I'm going to and then instead, I think I'm going to and then instead, I think I'm going to make a new conversation, make a new conversation, make a new conversation, and instead of me just saying like, and instead of me just saying like, and instead of me just saying like, "Hey, axolotl." Okay? What I'm going to "Hey, axolotl." Okay? What I'm going to "Hey, axolotl." Okay? What I'm going to do instead is I'm going to store this um

[2:45:42] do instead is I'm going to store this um do instead is I'm going to store this um animal_name, animal_name, animal_name, and then we'll do axolotl and then we'll do axolotl and then we'll do axolotl right over here. right over here. right over here. I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, "Hey, I just inserted an animal name in "Hey, I just inserted an animal name in "Hey, I just inserted an animal name in an .env for a future task. an .env for a future task. an .env for a future task. You know, You know, You know, uh uh very important, we do not leak uh uh very important, we do not leak uh uh very important, we do not leak this name." this name." this name." Okay? Um now, what it's going to do is Okay? Um now, what it's going to do is Okay? Um now, what it's going to do is it's just going to like clarify with me. it's just going to like clarify with me. it's just going to like clarify with me. It can use this in some sort of function It can use this in some sort of function It can use this in some sort of function or whatever the heck it wants. or whatever the heck it wants. or whatever the heck it wants. And then, if I go through, And then, if I go through, And then, if I go through, see how it says, "Never read or display

[2:46:12] see how it says, "Never read or display see how it says, "Never read or display the contents of an .env file. Never the contents of an .env file. Never the contents of an .env file. Never commit .env files to Git." That's commit .env files to Git." That's commit .env files to Git." That's another pretty low-hanging fruit if you another pretty low-hanging fruit if you another pretty low-hanging fruit if you um have um have um have API keys stored in places that are not API keys stored in places that are not API keys stored in places that are not your .env. A lot of people will your .env. A lot of people will your .env. A lot of people will mistakenly push that to GitHub, and mistakenly push that to GitHub, and mistakenly push that to GitHub, and like, you know, if you're pushing it to like, you know, if you're pushing it to like, you know, if you're pushing it to GitHub, now it's on now it's on the GitHub, now it's on now it's on the GitHub, now it's on now it's on the internet as well, right? Which is even internet as well, right? Which is even internet as well, right? Which is even worse. worse. worse. But, you know, now if I go over here, But, you know, now if I go over here, But, you know, now if I go over here, and I say, "Hey, can you find me and I say, "Hey, can you find me and I say, "Hey, can you find me conversations about um conversations about um conversations about um axolotl in my and then I'm just going to axolotl in my and then I'm just going to axolotl in my and then I'm just going to go .claud." go .claud." go .claud." It's going to search all damn day long It's going to search all damn day long It's going to search all damn day long looking for this thing, and it's not looking for this thing, and it's not looking for this thing, and it's not going to be able to find it because we

[2:46:42] going to be able to find it because we going to be able to find it because we haven't actually like specifically said haven't actually like specifically said haven't actually like specifically said axolotl. And in fact, what's pretty axolotl. And in fact, what's pretty axolotl. And in fact, what's pretty interesting is the only conversation it interesting is the only conversation it interesting is the only conversation it found was where I specifically asked, found was where I specifically asked, found was where I specifically asked, "Hey, can you find me an axolotl?" "Hey, can you find me an axolotl?" "Hey, can you find me an axolotl?" So, it's going to look and see whether So, it's going to look and see whether So, it's going to look and see whether or not it can find it in other or not it can find it in other or not it can find it in other directories. It's not going to be able directories. It's not going to be able directories. It's not going to be able to, but hopefully you guys get my point, to, but hopefully you guys get my point, to, but hopefully you guys get my point, okay? Minimizing the attack surface in a okay? Minimizing the attack surface in a okay? Minimizing the attack surface in a really simple way, just have all of your really simple way, just have all of your really simple way, just have all of your API keys in a .env. API keys in a .env. API keys in a .env. So, that's number one. Um number two, So, that's number one. Um number two, So, that's number one. Um number two, low-hanging fruit, is that AI models low-hanging fruit, is that AI models low-hanging fruit, is that AI models often hallucinate package names. In case often hallucinate package names. In case often hallucinate package names. In case you guys didn't know, package names are you guys didn't know, package names are you guys didn't know, package names are just like dependencies that you have to just like dependencies that you have to just like dependencies that you have to pull in order for uh you know, the usage

[2:47:13] pull in order for uh you know, the usage pull in order for uh you know, the usage of any project. Now, it is, you know, of any project. Now, it is, you know, of any project. Now, it is, you know, like libraries and stuff like that. And like libraries and stuff like that. And like libraries and stuff like that. And so, you know, there's like npm, which is so, you know, there's like npm, which is so, you know, there's like npm, which is typically like the big package manager typically like the big package manager typically like the big package manager here. And I'm just going to make this a here. And I'm just going to make this a here. And I'm just going to make this a little bit more visible for you guys. little bit more visible for you guys. little bit more visible for you guys. That stands for Node Package Manager. That stands for Node Package Manager. That stands for Node Package Manager. But basically, like if you just type npm But basically, like if you just type npm But basically, like if you just type npm install, okay? install, okay? install, okay? Uh jeez, I don't even know. Like what Uh jeez, I don't even know. Like what Uh jeez, I don't even know. Like what what are some popular libraries? what are some popular libraries? what are some popular libraries? Anthropic? Maybe I'll just do a npm Anthropic? Maybe I'll just do a npm Anthropic? Maybe I'll just do a npm search Anthropic. Okay, uh I don't know. search Anthropic. Okay, uh I don't know. search Anthropic. Okay, uh I don't know. npm install @composio/anthropic. npm install @composio/anthropic. npm install @composio/anthropic. Like basically, what occurs every time Like basically, what occurs every time Like basically, what occurs every time you launch a new project or you have AI

[2:47:43] you launch a new project or you have AI you launch a new project or you have AI like design something for you, is you'll like design something for you, is you'll like design something for you, is you'll you'll go through online resources, this you'll go through online resources, this you'll go through online resources, this big package manager, and then it'll big package manager, and then it'll big package manager, and then it'll automatically install like all of the automatically install like all of the automatically install like all of the packages it thinks it needs. packages it thinks it needs. packages it thinks it needs. And like that's usually not that big of And like that's usually not that big of And like that's usually not that big of a problem, right? Because uh npm is like a problem, right? Because uh npm is like a problem, right? Because uh npm is like pretty well-vetted. But, you know, it's pretty well-vetted. But, you know, it's pretty well-vetted. But, you know, it's a package manager, and so it manages a package manager, and so it manages a package manager, and so it manages hundreds of thousands, millions of hundreds of thousands, millions of hundreds of thousands, millions of different packages. And every now and different packages. And every now and different packages. And every now and then one of these packages gets sort of then one of these packages gets sort of then one of these packages gets sort of compromised. Now, the issue in the way compromised. Now, the issue in the way compromised. Now, the issue in the way that uh this increases the attack that uh this increases the attack that uh this increases the attack surface is that AI models often surface is that AI models often surface is that AI models often hallucinate a package name. They won't hallucinate a package name. They won't hallucinate a package name. They won't actually always get it right the first actually always get it right the first actually always get it right the first time. Let's say uh you know, you want a time. Let's say uh you know, you want a time. Let's say uh you know, you want a specific dependency or a package called

[2:48:14] specific dependency or a package called specific dependency or a package called acorn, okay? acorn, okay? acorn, okay? Sometimes, Claude, just because the way Sometimes, Claude, just because the way Sometimes, Claude, just because the way that like the tokens uh were were sort that like the tokens uh were were sort that like the tokens uh were were sort of baked into it, its various encoding of baked into it, its various encoding of baked into it, its various encoding schemes and stuff like that, will schemes and stuff like that, will schemes and stuff like that, will actually invent a dependency with like actually invent a dependency with like actually invent a dependency with like an extra letter, acornS, like acorns or an extra letter, acornS, like acorns or an extra letter, acornS, like acorns or acorn with an E or something. acorn with an E or something. acorn with an E or something. And a lot of people that are sneaky and And a lot of people that are sneaky and And a lot of people that are sneaky and terrible and super evil and malicious terrible and super evil and malicious terrible and super evil and malicious have uh have sort of known about this have uh have sort of known about this have uh have sort of known about this for a while because of like various for a while because of like various for a while because of like various encoding issues and the statistical encoding issues and the statistical encoding issues and the statistical probability of adding additional letters probability of adding additional letters probability of adding additional letters and stuff. So, what they've done is and stuff. So, what they've done is and stuff. So, what they've done is they've actually created new packages, they've actually created new packages, they've actually created new packages, okay, with small little misspellings of

[2:48:45] okay, with small little misspellings of okay, with small little misspellings of the main package. And they've made those the main package. And they've made those the main package. And they've made those packages contain malware, things that packages contain malware, things that packages contain malware, things that literally say, "Hey, I want you to go literally say, "Hey, I want you to go literally say, "Hey, I want you to go through their .env and then go through through their .env and then go through through their .env and then go through all of their all of their all of their you know, tilde / .cloud conversation you know, tilde / .cloud conversation you know, tilde / .cloud conversation logs and then send it over to me. logs and then send it over to me. logs and then send it over to me. Wahaha." Wahaha." Wahaha." And so, the idea there is, you know, And so, the idea there is, you know, And so, the idea there is, you know, it'll obviously exfiltrate anything that it'll obviously exfiltrate anything that it'll obviously exfiltrate anything that is important to you and then they'll is important to you and then they'll is important to you and then they'll gain basically full control over your gain basically full control over your gain basically full control over your account. account. account. It's a form of like, I don't know, It's a form of like, I don't know, It's a form of like, I don't know, prompt injection almost, but um prompt injection almost, but um prompt injection almost, but um uh you know, if you're making any sort uh you know, if you're making any sort uh you know, if you're making any sort of live projects or ones that tie to API of live projects or ones that tie to API of live projects or ones that tie to API keys with any sort of unlimited usage, keys with any sort of unlimited usage, keys with any sort of unlimited usage, you know, there are going to be some out you know, there are going to be some out you know, there are going to be some out there where, I don't know, you just turn

[2:49:15] there where, I don't know, you just turn there where, I don't know, you just turn the unlimited extra usage token thing on the unlimited extra usage token thing on the unlimited extra usage token thing on and then you'll have access and then you'll have access and then you'll have access theoretically to like billing tens of theoretically to like billing tens of theoretically to like billing tens of thousands of dollars for a service. thousands of dollars for a service. thousands of dollars for a service. Be very careful with that. You should Be very careful with that. You should Be very careful with that. You should just audit your dependency list for any just audit your dependency list for any just audit your dependency list for any unfamiliar package. You should actually unfamiliar package. You should actually unfamiliar package. You should actually ask Claude like, "Hey, are there any ask Claude like, "Hey, are there any ask Claude like, "Hey, are there any unfamiliar packages here that you don't unfamiliar packages here that you don't unfamiliar packages here that you don't actually actively use all the time?" Or actually actively use all the time?" Or actually actively use all the time?" Or you know, "Hey, before you instantiate you know, "Hey, before you instantiate you know, "Hey, before you instantiate this the first time, I want you to take this the first time, I want you to take this the first time, I want you to take a look at all at the npm run a look at all at the npm run a look at all at the npm run and ensure that the only packages here and ensure that the only packages here and ensure that the only packages here are like legitimate packages that have are like legitimate packages that have are like legitimate packages that have verified histories and are not like verified histories and are not like verified histories and are not like inserting malware. I'm kind of inserting malware. I'm kind of inserting malware. I'm kind of concerned." And I'll give you guys like concerned." And I'll give you guys like concerned." And I'll give you guys like a whole security audit you could use for a whole security audit you could use for a whole security audit you could use for stuff like that in a moment. But the stuff like that in a moment. But the stuff like that in a moment. But the point that I'm making is like this is

[2:49:45] point that I'm making is like this is point that I'm making is like this is another attack vector, okay? A lot of another attack vector, okay? A lot of another attack vector, okay? A lot of people don't realize this, but in people don't realize this, but in people don't realize this, but in addition to leaking API keys and getting addition to leaking API keys and getting addition to leaking API keys and getting it all over the place, AI models also it all over the place, AI models also it all over the place, AI models also hallucinate package names. hallucinate package names. hallucinate package names. The third main thing has to do with The third main thing has to do with The third main thing has to do with databases and this is going to apply databases and this is going to apply databases and this is going to apply mostly to people that are creating full mostly to people that are creating full mostly to people that are creating full stack apps or apps that, you know, need stack apps or apps that, you know, need stack apps or apps that, you know, need to call some sort of external data to call some sort of external data to call some sort of external data store. store. store. A lot of the time nowadays, to be A lot of the time nowadays, to be A lot of the time nowadays, to be honest, I just store everything as JSON honest, I just store everything as JSON honest, I just store everything as JSON files directly on my computer. It's a files directly on my computer. It's a files directly on my computer. It's a lot easier and simpler for me because lot easier and simpler for me because lot easier and simpler for me because I'm not really full stack end-to-end I'm not really full stack end-to-end I'm not really full stack end-to-end apps as much these days. I'm for the apps as much these days. I'm for the apps as much these days. I'm for the most part just designing flows for most part just designing flows for most part just designing flows for myself or internal tools for my team.

[2:50:17] myself or internal tools for my team. myself or internal tools for my team. But anyway, assuming that, you know, you But anyway, assuming that, you know, you But anyway, assuming that, you know, you want to go a little bit further than want to go a little bit further than want to go a little bit further than that, actually develop full stack that, actually develop full stack that, actually develop full stack software apps. software apps. software apps. Essentially, the simplest and easiest Essentially, the simplest and easiest Essentially, the simplest and easiest way to ensure that like 90% of all noted way to ensure that like 90% of all noted way to ensure that like 90% of all noted uh database breaches do not occur on uh database breaches do not occur on uh database breaches do not occur on your app your app your app is you just use this one little button is you just use this one little button is you just use this one little button called row level security. called row level security. called row level security. It's very straightforward. And basically It's very straightforward. And basically It's very straightforward. And basically nobody does it, which sucks. So, nobody does it, which sucks. So, nobody does it, which sucks. So, Superbase, which most of you are Superbase, which most of you are Superbase, which most of you are probably going to be using for any sort probably going to be using for any sort probably going to be using for any sort of vibe coded app function, does not of vibe coded app function, does not of vibe coded app function, does not enable RLS by default. They probably do enable RLS by default. They probably do enable RLS by default. They probably do so at some point, but for now, what that

[2:50:48] so at some point, but for now, what that so at some point, but for now, what that means is if somebody signs up to your means is if somebody signs up to your means is if somebody signs up to your app, um you know, typically they're app, um you know, typically they're app, um you know, typically they're given a key by which they can access given a key by which they can access given a key by which they can access their own database table. their own database table. their own database table. Uh well, if they have a public key on a Uh well, if they have a public key on a Uh well, if they have a public key on a database that does not have RLS enabled, database that does not have RLS enabled, database that does not have RLS enabled, they can read, write, and delete every they can read, write, and delete every they can read, write, and delete every other row in your database. And so, you other row in your database. And so, you other row in your database. And so, you have a lot of cases where, you know, have a lot of cases where, you know, have a lot of cases where, you know, there is some simple there is some simple there is some simple uh I don't know. There was a a database uh I don't know. There was a a database uh I don't know. There was a a database for like molt book, which was like for like molt book, which was like for like molt book, which was like supposedly Facebook for AI agents. That supposedly Facebook for AI agents. That supposedly Facebook for AI agents. That was just a few months ago. And, you was just a few months ago. And, you was just a few months ago. And, you know, everybody was like, "My god, this know, everybody was like, "My god, this know, everybody was like, "My god, this is the revolutionary whatever." And is the revolutionary whatever." And is the revolutionary whatever." And then, like the most elementary of then, like the most elementary of then, like the most elementary of security audits done by some security audits done by some security audits done by some cybersecurity fellow showed that like

[2:51:19] cybersecurity fellow showed that like cybersecurity fellow showed that like they did not have database or RLS, um a they did not have database or RLS, um a they did not have database or RLS, um a real level security enabled on their real level security enabled on their real level security enabled on their database. database. database. So, he just went in and then he like So, he just went in and then he like So, he just went in and then he like read literally every single AI agent read literally every single AI agent read literally every single AI agent that had ever been created on the that had ever been created on the that had ever been created on the platform in like 2 seconds. Then, platform in like 2 seconds. Then, platform in like 2 seconds. Then, because he also had write access, he because he also had write access, he because he also had write access, he created like a 100,000 fake AI agent created like a 100,000 fake AI agent created like a 100,000 fake AI agent profiles in like 2 seconds. profiles in like 2 seconds. profiles in like 2 seconds. Funny enough, uh Meta, Facebook actually Funny enough, uh Meta, Facebook actually Funny enough, uh Meta, Facebook actually ended up buying them. And, uh hopefully ended up buying them. And, uh hopefully ended up buying them. And, uh hopefully they understood that a big chunk of they understood that a big chunk of they understood that a big chunk of those profiles were fake, but who knows? those profiles were fake, but who knows? those profiles were fake, but who knows? Maybe they didn't. Maybe they didn't. Maybe they didn't. The point that I'm trying to make is The point that I'm trying to make is The point that I'm trying to make is like very, very low-hanging fruit. Takes like very, very low-hanging fruit. Takes like very, very low-hanging fruit. Takes like 2 seconds to do. And, uh once like 2 seconds to do. And, uh once like 2 seconds to do. And, uh once you're done with that, you can you can you're done with that, you can you can you're done with that, you can you can kind of move on.

[2:51:50] kind of move on. kind of move on. Okay, be wary anytime you're publicizing Okay, be wary anytime you're publicizing Okay, be wary anytime you're publicizing a system like open claw, like your a system like open claw, like your a system like open claw, like your little open claw uh package to the web. little open claw uh package to the web. little open claw uh package to the web. So, let's say you have some open URL. So, let's say you have some open URL. So, let's say you have some open URL. Let's say this is my open claw, okay? Let's say this is my open claw, okay? Let's say this is my open claw, okay? And it's nickhappyfuntime.com. I'm kind And it's nickhappyfuntime.com. I'm kind And it's nickhappyfuntime.com. I'm kind of curious, if I click on this, is there of curious, if I click on this, is there of curious, if I click on this, is there anybody at nickhappyfuntime.com? Oh, anybody at nickhappyfuntime.com? Oh, anybody at nickhappyfuntime.com? Oh, okay. Thank god, there's nobody at okay. Thank god, there's nobody at okay. Thank god, there's nobody at nickhappyfuntime.com, because I'd nickhappyfuntime.com, because I'd nickhappyfuntime.com, because I'd probably have to sanitize my eyes after probably have to sanitize my eyes after probably have to sanitize my eyes after that. that. that. Anyway, uh imagine you have your Claude Anyway, uh imagine you have your Claude Anyway, uh imagine you have your Claude bot or molt bot or whatever the heck bot or molt bot or whatever the heck bot or molt bot or whatever the heck it's called now on it's called now on it's called now on nick-happy-fun-time.com. nick-happy-fun-time.com. nick-happy-fun-time.com. Well, odds are, if you have a URL, and

[2:52:20] Well, odds are, if you have a URL, and Well, odds are, if you have a URL, and it's like a short, straightforward URL, it's like a short, straightforward URL, it's like a short, straightforward URL, and it's not an IP range that is like and it's not an IP range that is like and it's not an IP range that is like owned by, I don't know, some virtual owned by, I don't know, some virtual owned by, I don't know, some virtual private server hosting provider, private server hosting provider, private server hosting provider, you are going to be queried constantly you are going to be queried constantly you are going to be queried constantly by people that are looking for by people that are looking for by people that are looking for vulnerabilities. They will be scanning, vulnerabilities. They will be scanning, vulnerabilities. They will be scanning, okay? All over the place for every okay? All over the place for every okay? All over the place for every single port that's currently open in single port that's currently open in single port that's currently open in your computer. There are huge bot farms, your computer. There are huge bot farms, your computer. There are huge bot farms, for instance, in China, in uh the for instance, in China, in uh the for instance, in China, in uh the Philippines, in some Indonesian Philippines, in some Indonesian Philippines, in some Indonesian countries, and obviously the West as countries, and obviously the West as countries, and obviously the West as well. I'm not just trying to point a well. I'm not just trying to point a well. I'm not just trying to point a finger over there. But, you know, that's finger over there. But, you know, that's finger over there. But, you know, that's predominantly where a lot of these predominantly where a lot of these predominantly where a lot of these attacks come from. And there's huge bot attacks come from. And there's huge bot attacks come from. And there's huge bot farms that people have set up a long

[2:52:50] farms that people have set up a long farms that people have set up a long time ago that literally that their whole time ago that literally that their whole time ago that literally that their whole job is they just send tens of thousands job is they just send tens of thousands job is they just send tens of thousands of requests per second to like every URL of requests per second to like every URL of requests per second to like every URL constantly, scanning to see like, "Hey, constantly, scanning to see like, "Hey, constantly, scanning to see like, "Hey, have they patched this one thing? Hey, have they patched this one thing? Hey, have they patched this one thing? Hey, did have this security vulnerability?" did have this security vulnerability?" did have this security vulnerability?" Hey, do they have this? And the second Hey, do they have this? And the second Hey, do they have this? And the second even one of those things is good, like, even one of those things is good, like, even one of those things is good, like, you know, allows them access, now they you know, allows them access, now they you know, allows them access, now they have full access to your freaking have full access to your freaking have full access to your freaking machine and box, basically, and then machine and box, basically, and then machine and box, basically, and then they can do whatever the heck they want they can do whatever the heck they want they can do whatever the heck they want with it. with it. with it. So, I want you to know like if you set So, I want you to know like if you set So, I want you to know like if you set up some sort of like public-facing up some sort of like public-facing up some sort of like public-facing server using some sort of VPS-based server using some sort of VPS-based server using some sort of VPS-based approach on uh you know, like Hostinger approach on uh you know, like Hostinger approach on uh you know, like Hostinger or whatever the heck. Like one of these or whatever the heck. Like one of these or whatever the heck. Like one of these like major hosting providers, like major hosting providers, like major hosting providers, know that it is constantly going to be

[2:53:20] know that it is constantly going to be know that it is constantly going to be tested. tested. tested. And if you are like wild, you're raw And if you are like wild, you're raw And if you are like wild, you're raw dogging this, you're wild westing this, dogging this, you're wild westing this, dogging this, you're wild westing this, you don't like understand some pretty you don't like understand some pretty you don't like understand some pretty foundational things about like firewalls foundational things about like firewalls foundational things about like firewalls and um you know, RLS and and and so on and um you know, RLS and and and so on and um you know, RLS and and and so on and so forth. Like, people will find and so forth. Like, people will find and so forth. Like, people will find vulnerabilities, your stuff will be vulnerabilities, your stuff will be vulnerabilities, your stuff will be hacked. And so, the idea is just make hacked. And so, the idea is just make hacked. And so, the idea is just make sure to whatever you are putting in sure to whatever you are putting in sure to whatever you are putting in there is not like super extraordinarily there is not like super extraordinarily there is not like super extraordinarily sensitive. You know, don't give your sensitive. You know, don't give your sensitive. You know, don't give your OpenClaw agent your social insurance OpenClaw agent your social insurance OpenClaw agent your social insurance number or like a picture of your number or like a picture of your number or like a picture of your passport or whatever. That to me is like passport or whatever. That to me is like passport or whatever. That to me is like way too accelerationist, and I'm not

[2:53:50] way too accelerationist, and I'm not way too accelerationist, and I'm not being the old grubby person yelling at being the old grubby person yelling at being the old grubby person yelling at clouds in the sky being like, "Back in clouds in the sky being like, "Back in clouds in the sky being like, "Back in my day we used to punch card stuff." I'm my day we used to punch card stuff." I'm my day we used to punch card stuff." I'm just trying to be reasonable here, just trying to be reasonable here, just trying to be reasonable here, right? Just no need to do stuff like right? Just no need to do stuff like right? Just no need to do stuff like that for the most part. that for the most part. that for the most part. You know, if you have like a a local You know, if you have like a a local You know, if you have like a a local Claude instance that's running that's Claude instance that's running that's Claude instance that's running that's authenticated through Telegram, and then authenticated through Telegram, and then authenticated through Telegram, and then you're using like, I don't know, the the you're using like, I don't know, the the you're using like, I don't know, the the the Claude channels feature or whatever, the Claude channels feature or whatever, the Claude channels feature or whatever, probability that a hack will occur probability that a hack will occur probability that a hack will occur [snorts] there is much, much lower [snorts] there is much, much lower [snorts] there is much, much lower because you're just running it locally because you're just running it locally because you're just running it locally and you're not actually connecting and you're not actually connecting and you're not actually connecting through like an open thing, you're through like an open thing, you're through like an open thing, you're connecting through a vetted uh uh you connecting through a vetted uh uh you connecting through a vetted uh uh you know, Telegram kind of connector plugin. know, Telegram kind of connector plugin. know, Telegram kind of connector plugin. But, if you're just like OpenClaw raw But, if you're just like OpenClaw raw But, if you're just like OpenClaw raw dogging it, yeah, be be very careful

[2:54:20] dogging it, yeah, be be very careful dogging it, yeah, be be very careful with that stuff. with that stuff. with that stuff. By the way, this isn't just me ragging By the way, this isn't just me ragging By the way, this isn't just me ragging on OpenClaw for the 4,000th time. I'm on OpenClaw for the 4,000th time. I'm on OpenClaw for the 4,000th time. I'm trying to to reasonable about this. I trying to to reasonable about this. I trying to to reasonable about this. I think decentralized autonomous agents think decentralized autonomous agents think decentralized autonomous agents are obviously the future at some point. are obviously the future at some point. are obviously the future at some point. But, you know, most of what we've seen But, you know, most of what we've seen But, you know, most of what we've seen so far has literally just pissed away so far has literally just pissed away so far has literally just pissed away people's API keys and credit card people's API keys and credit card people's API keys and credit card information. information. information. Speaking of credit card information, Speaking of credit card information, Speaking of credit card information, never touch a credit card number. So, if never touch a credit card number. So, if never touch a credit card number. So, if you guys are designing systems that you guys are designing systems that you guys are designing systems that interface with any sort of credit card interface with any sort of credit card interface with any sort of credit card whatsoever, don't actually like store whatsoever, don't actually like store whatsoever, don't actually like store that data. Don't actually read that that data. Don't actually read that that data. Don't actually read that data. If that data gets read at any data. If that data gets read at any data. If that data gets read at any point by like an AI agent, hell, even point by like an AI agent, hell, even point by like an AI agent, hell, even your AI agent, guess what's going to your AI agent, guess what's going to your AI agent, guess what's going to happen? Well, same thing. You know, happen? Well, same thing. You know, happen? Well, same thing. You know, you're going to leak those API keys.

[2:54:50] you're going to leak those API keys. you're going to leak those API keys. You're going to stick them in your You're going to stick them in your You're going to stick them in your conversation history. And then any sort conversation history. And then any sort conversation history. And then any sort of hacker or you at any uh future point of hacker or you at any uh future point of hacker or you at any uh future point in time if you misconfigure stuff, push in time if you misconfigure stuff, push in time if you misconfigure stuff, push stuff to GitHub, or I don't know, like stuff to GitHub, or I don't know, like stuff to GitHub, or I don't know, like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh trade in your computer, whatever. You'll trade in your computer, whatever. You'll trade in your computer, whatever. You'll now have like a big log of all of that now have like a big log of all of that now have like a big log of all of that information just in plain text, which is information just in plain text, which is information just in plain text, which is easily available. You know, a lot of easily available. You know, a lot of easily available. You know, a lot of people will just like regex over your people will just like regex over your people will just like regex over your entire computer looking for things like, entire computer looking for things like, entire computer looking for things like, you know, credit cards if they get you know, credit cards if they get you know, credit cards if they get access. And then what's a credit card? access. And then what's a credit card? access. And then what's a credit card? Well, usually it's like Well, usually it's like Well, usually it's like was it 16 or 20 characters or something was it 16 or 20 characters or something was it 16 or 20 characters or something like that? I have to check my credit like that? I have to check my credit like that? I have to check my credit card number, but it's like very very card number, but it's like very very card number, but it's like very very stereotypical, right? You find 16 or 20

[2:55:21] stereotypical, right? You find 16 or 20 stereotypical, right? You find 16 or 20 characters all connected together, characters all connected together, characters all connected together, uh maybe like with a space in between. uh maybe like with a space in between. uh maybe like with a space in between. Boom, you got yourself a freaking credit Boom, you got yourself a freaking credit Boom, you got yourself a freaking credit card. Or maybe you don't even. They just card. Or maybe you don't even. They just card. Or maybe you don't even. They just look for that length, then they check to look for that length, then they check to look for that length, then they check to see whether or not it's like a Visa see whether or not it's like a Visa see whether or not it's like a Visa pattern. If it is, you're screwed. pattern. If it is, you're screwed. pattern. If it is, you're screwed. So, anyway, I guess what I'm trying to So, anyway, I guess what I'm trying to So, anyway, I guess what I'm trying to say is like don't put that liability on say is like don't put that liability on say is like don't put that liability on yourself by storing other people's yourself by storing other people's yourself by storing other people's credit cards if you're running like some credit cards if you're running like some credit cards if you're running like some sort of business thing. And then don't sort of business thing. And then don't sort of business thing. And then don't um put that liability on your own card um put that liability on your own card um put that liability on your own card by storing your own card um here. by storing your own card um here. by storing your own card um here. You know, use services like Stripe. They You know, use services like Stripe. They You know, use services like Stripe. They do everything for you. They are super do everything for you. They are super do everything for you. They are super compliant, PCI compliant, and all this compliant, PCI compliant, and all this compliant, PCI compliant, and all this stuff. They they they teams that just stuff. They they they teams that just stuff. They they they teams that just like focus on making sure that stuff like focus on making sure that stuff like focus on making sure that stuff that is stored on their servers uh never

[2:55:52] that is stored on their servers uh never that is stored on their servers uh never get screwed up, and then you never get screwed up, and then you never get screwed up, and then you never actually have to deal with like the actually have to deal with like the actually have to deal with like the compliance regulatory aspect of touching compliance regulatory aspect of touching compliance regulatory aspect of touching credit. credit. credit. All right. Now, once you're done sort of All right. Now, once you're done sort of All right. Now, once you're done sort of understanding this, which should be now understanding this, which should be now understanding this, which should be now because hopefully nothing here was super because hopefully nothing here was super because hopefully nothing here was super complicated. Although some of these complicated. Although some of these complicated. Although some of these concepts are advanced, I understand. Um concepts are advanced, I understand. Um concepts are advanced, I understand. Um all you need to do is just run anything all you need to do is just run anything all you need to do is just run anything public-facing through some form of public-facing through some form of public-facing through some form of security audit for like maybe the other security audit for like maybe the other security audit for like maybe the other 80/20. And so, this is a security 80/20. And so, this is a security 80/20. And so, this is a security breakdown that I created for um breakdown that I created for um breakdown that I created for um a Vibe coding course where I was showing a Vibe coding course where I was showing a Vibe coding course where I was showing people how to make full stack apps. Uh people how to make full stack apps. Uh people how to make full stack apps. Uh pretty cool using Gemini in case you pretty cool using Gemini in case you pretty cool using Gemini in case you guys are interested. I guess it's is and guys are interested. I guess it's is and guys are interested. I guess it's is and Cloud Code.

[2:56:22] Cloud Code. Cloud Code. Uh you can find that on my channel if Uh you can find that on my channel if Uh you can find that on my channel if you want to type like Nick's Drive Vibe you want to type like Nick's Drive Vibe you want to type like Nick's Drive Vibe coding or something. coding or something. coding or something. And uh And uh And uh essentially down here at the bottom what essentially down here at the bottom what essentially down here at the bottom what I have is I have a big security audit I have is I have a big security audit I have is I have a big security audit prompt where you can actually just feed prompt where you can actually just feed prompt where you can actually just feed this into Claude and then have it like this into Claude and then have it like this into Claude and then have it like point out all the security issues with point out all the security issues with point out all the security issues with whatever your your your flow is. whatever your your your flow is. whatever your your your flow is. And so what I'm going to do is I'm going And so what I'm going to do is I'm going And so what I'm going to do is I'm going to go back here to anti-gravity. And I to go back here to anti-gravity. And I to go back here to anti-gravity. And I mean I sort of I don't really have like mean I sort of I don't really have like mean I sort of I don't really have like anything that's public facing here, but anything that's public facing here, but anything that's public facing here, but I'm still going to run it through auto I'm still going to run it through auto I'm still going to run it through auto research. research. research. Then I'm going to just create a new one Then I'm going to just create a new one Then I'm going to just create a new one and I'll say and I'll say and I'll say apply this to our auto research

[2:56:52] apply this to our auto research apply this to our auto research flow, flow, flow, um the one optimizing left click. um the one optimizing left click. um the one optimizing left click. Once done the security audit, return me Once done the security audit, return me Once done the security audit, return me everything we need to fix. I know everything we need to fix. I know everything we need to fix. I know nothing is web accessible ATM. nothing is web accessible ATM. nothing is web accessible ATM. Okay. Okay. Okay. And so what this does is it's just some And so what this does is it's just some And so what this does is it's just some it's just a big prompt that I developed it's just a big prompt that I developed it's just a big prompt that I developed in conjunction with a bunch of AI in conjunction with a bunch of AI in conjunction with a bunch of AI agents. I had to like read a bunch of agents. I had to like read a bunch of agents. I had to like read a bunch of security blogs and so on and so forth security blogs and so on and so forth security blogs and so on and so forth like look for the the biggest like look for the the biggest like look for the the biggest low-hanging fruit and the simplest minor low-hanging fruit and the simplest minor low-hanging fruit and the simplest minor configuration changes I can make. configuration changes I can make. configuration changes I can make. And uh you know what it's going to do is And uh you know what it's going to do is And uh you know what it's going to do is just go top to bottom and then apply just go top to bottom and then apply just go top to bottom and then apply this.

[2:57:23] this. this. The reason why I'm The reason why I'm The reason why I'm spinning up a totally new conversation spinning up a totally new conversation spinning up a totally new conversation history is because I do not want any history is because I do not want any history is because I do not want any sort of conversation context to bias sort of conversation context to bias sort of conversation context to bias what's going on here. I don't want the what's going on here. I don't want the what's going on here. I don't want the same agent I used to develop my tool to same agent I used to develop my tool to same agent I used to develop my tool to actually also run the audit because odds actually also run the audit because odds actually also run the audit because odds are it's going to be biased and it's are it's going to be biased and it's are it's going to be biased and it's going to do some specific it's going to going to do some specific it's going to going to do some specific it's going to make specific errors cuz it's going to make specific errors cuz it's going to make specific errors cuz it's going to think that it's better. think that it's better. think that it's better. Do you see here how it's searching for Do you see here how it's searching for Do you see here how it's searching for sk_live, sk_test, sk-bear and so on and sk_live, sk_test, sk-bear and so on and sk_live, sk_test, sk-bear and so on and so forth? These are all API token so forth? These are all API token so forth? These are all API token headers basically. These are like the headers basically. These are like the headers basically. These are like the titles of API tokens. titles of API tokens. titles of API tokens. What it just did there, other people are

[2:57:54] What it just did there, other people are What it just did there, other people are going to do at any point in time if they going to do at any point in time if they going to do at any point in time if they gain access to your system. gain access to your system. gain access to your system. Same thing here with like model weights Same thing here with like model weights Same thing here with like model weights and same thing here with like bash and same thing here with like bash and same thing here with like bash scripts and stuff like that, okay? scripts and stuff like that, okay? scripts and stuff like that, okay? Anyhow, so we're just going to read this Anyhow, so we're just going to read this Anyhow, so we're just going to read this top to bottom. Um architecture summary top to bottom. Um architecture summary top to bottom. Um architecture summary gives me some brief details about what's gives me some brief details about what's gives me some brief details about what's going on. It's not a web app, it's a going on. It's not a web app, it's a going on. It's not a web app, it's a local single GPU ML training pipeline, local single GPU ML training pipeline, local single GPU ML training pipeline, that's easy. No hard-coded secrets, but that's easy. No hard-coded secrets, but that's easy. No hard-coded secrets, but the git ignore does not include the the git ignore does not include the the git ignore does not include the .env, .env.local and so on and so forth, .env, .env.local and so on and so forth, .env, .env.local and so on and so forth, Okay? All the stuff that actually Okay? All the stuff that actually Okay? All the stuff that actually applies here is going to be filled in. applies here is going to be filled in. applies here is going to be filled in. So, in this case, this is an actual So, in this case, this is an actual So, in this case, this is an actual failure, but in this case it's not as

[2:58:24] failure, but in this case it's not as failure, but in this case it's not as not applicable cuz it's not an actual not applicable cuz it's not an actual not applicable cuz it's not an actual web app. web app. web app. Then you can see that there's also some Then you can see that there's also some Then you can see that there's also some sections where it fails. So, finding sections where it fails. So, finding sections where it fails. So, finding number one, supply chain low popularity number one, supply chain low popularity number one, supply chain low popularity package, right? Supply chain issue. package, right? Supply chain issue. package, right? Supply chain issue. Um let's see. Over here, it's failed on Um let's see. Over here, it's failed on Um let's see. Over here, it's failed on some machine learning specific risks. some machine learning specific risks. some machine learning specific risks. And it's sort of putting that out. It's And it's sort of putting that out. It's And it's sort of putting that out. It's funny that it's using the term vibing. funny that it's using the term vibing. funny that it's using the term vibing. I like that. I like that. I like that. Anyway, so I'm not really going to go Anyway, so I'm not really going to go Anyway, so I'm not really going to go through everything with you, but through everything with you, but through everything with you, but basically what you do is you you you you basically what you do is you you you you basically what you do is you you you you finish this. Then you just say, "Okay, finish this. Then you just say, "Okay, finish this. Then you just say, "Okay, great. Fix according to your great. Fix according to your great. Fix according to your suggestions." suggestions." suggestions." Okay, and then once it's uh you know, Okay, and then once it's uh you know,

[2:58:54] Okay, and then once it's uh you know, once it's done and whatever, I'm just once it's done and whatever, I'm just once it's done and whatever, I'm just going to pretend it's it's done now even going to pretend it's it's done now even going to pretend it's it's done now even though it obviously isn't. It's going to though it obviously isn't. It's going to though it obviously isn't. It's going to take you like 3 or 4 minutes if you're take you like 3 or 4 minutes if you're take you like 3 or 4 minutes if you're running on something that isn't like uh running on something that isn't like uh running on something that isn't like uh you know, fast mode like I typically run you know, fast mode like I typically run you know, fast mode like I typically run stuff on. Then what you do is you just stuff on. Then what you do is you just stuff on. Then what you do is you just go through and then uh you actually go through and then uh you actually go through and then uh you actually implement it. And just like I showed you implement it. And just like I showed you implement it. And just like I showed you a moment ago to use something that is a moment ago to use something that is a moment ago to use something that is not biased with the conversation not biased with the conversation not biased with the conversation history, you spin up another agent to history, you spin up another agent to history, you spin up another agent to take the recommendations then actually take the recommendations then actually take the recommendations then actually go through and do it. Cuz you also don't go through and do it. Cuz you also don't go through and do it. Cuz you also don't want that implementer agent to be biased want that implementer agent to be biased want that implementer agent to be biased by the security audit kind of overly by the security audit kind of overly by the security audit kind of overly constrained nature of it. constrained nature of it. constrained nature of it. So, in that case you can use a sub agent So, in that case you can use a sub agent So, in that case you can use a sub agent or some other model itself like Codex, or some other model itself like Codex, or some other model itself like Codex, Gemini, or whatever.

[2:59:24] Gemini, or whatever. Gemini, or whatever. And then, you know, ultimately you can And then, you know, ultimately you can And then, you know, ultimately you can have it reviewed by Claude because I have it reviewed by Claude because I have it reviewed by Claude because I think Claude is the best model. But in think Claude is the best model. But in think Claude is the best model. But in this way you're basically like this way you're basically like this way you're basically like diversifying similarly how we're diversifying similarly how we're diversifying similarly how we're diversifying by putting seven out of 10 diversifying by putting seven out of 10 diversifying by putting seven out of 10 of our eggs in the Claude basket but of our eggs in the Claude basket but of our eggs in the Claude basket but three out of the 10, you know, spread three out of the 10, you know, spread three out of the 10, you know, spread across other models. You're diversifying across other models. You're diversifying across other models. You're diversifying against any sort of inherent risk or against any sort of inherent risk or against any sort of inherent risk or bias that Claude has bias that Claude has bias that Claude has uh to work that is generated by other uh to work that is generated by other uh to work that is generated by other Claude's versus, you know, Codex or Claude's versus, you know, Codex or Claude's versus, you know, Codex or Gemini or whatever. Gemini or whatever. Gemini or whatever. So, the best solution would actually So, the best solution would actually So, the best solution would actually involve multiple runs through all of involve multiple runs through all of involve multiple runs through all of them. them. them. Okay, hopefully that makes sense. I Okay, hopefully that makes sense. I Okay, hopefully that makes sense. I mean, I didn't want this to be a big mean, I didn't want this to be a big mean, I didn't want this to be a big deal. Obviously, security as mentioned deal. Obviously, security as mentioned deal. Obviously, security as mentioned is only a as big of a deal as you are

[2:59:55] is only a as big of a deal as you are is only a as big of a deal as you are willing to make it because of willing to make it because of willing to make it because of pre-existing assets and what you have to pre-existing assets and what you have to pre-existing assets and what you have to risk and stuff like that. risk and stuff like that. risk and stuff like that. So, if you just understood what I talked So, if you just understood what I talked So, if you just understood what I talked to you about right here, and then if you to you about right here, and then if you to you about right here, and then if you get, you know, a security prompt like get, you know, a security prompt like get, you know, a security prompt like what I showed you here, um you you what I showed you here, um you you what I showed you here, um you you should be good. Just pass something like should be good. Just pass something like should be good. Just pass something like that through an AI agent after you're that through an AI agent after you're that through an AI agent after you're done a project and it'll like cover most done a project and it'll like cover most done a project and it'll like cover most of the hanging fruit. of the hanging fruit. of the hanging fruit. And by the way, if you want that And by the way, if you want that And by the way, if you want that security audit, then definitely check security audit, then definitely check security audit, then definitely check out that um Vibe Coding full course. out that um Vibe Coding full course. out that um Vibe Coding full course. Really easy, just type Nick Rive Vibe Really easy, just type Nick Rive Vibe Really easy, just type Nick Rive Vibe Coding. I actually give you guys all Coding. I actually give you guys all Coding. I actually give you guys all that information for free there. You can that information for free there. You can that information for free there. You can also watch it if you want to learn how also watch it if you want to learn how also watch it if you want to learn how to develop things with other models. to develop things with other models. to develop things with other models. Congratulations, you made it to Congratulations, you made it to Congratulations, you made it to essentially the end of the informational

[3:00:26] essentially the end of the informational essentially the end of the informational Claude technical content of the course. Claude technical content of the course. Claude technical content of the course. And now I just wanted to reserve maybe And now I just wanted to reserve maybe And now I just wanted to reserve maybe 10 or 15 minutes to chat a little bit 10 or 15 minutes to chat a little bit 10 or 15 minutes to chat a little bit about what I consider to be the future about what I consider to be the future about what I consider to be the future of Claude. Uh not just the future of of Claude. Uh not just the future of of Claude. Uh not just the future of Claude code, but the future of Claude Claude code, but the future of Claude Claude code, but the future of Claude the model, as well as the future of just the model, as well as the future of just the model, as well as the future of just agentic engineering in general. agentic engineering in general. agentic engineering in general. And the reason why I talk about this is And the reason why I talk about this is And the reason why I talk about this is because it's a topic that's very close because it's a topic that's very close because it's a topic that's very close to my heart. I've been considering this to my heart. I've been considering this to my heart. I've been considering this for probably the last 10 or so years. As for probably the last 10 or so years. As for probably the last 10 or so years. As a kid they grew up on science fiction, a kid they grew up on science fiction, a kid they grew up on science fiction, you know, um you know, um you know, um Foundation from Asimov, tons of Arthur Foundation from Asimov, tons of Arthur Foundation from Asimov, tons of Arthur C. Clarke books and Heinlein and so on

[3:00:56] C. Clarke books and Heinlein and so on C. Clarke books and Heinlein and so on and so forth. I I've thought a lot about and so forth. I I've thought a lot about and so forth. I I've thought a lot about like what the far future would look like like what the far future would look like like what the far future would look like in an environment that is controlled by in an environment that is controlled by in an environment that is controlled by agents like Claude code. And I've also agents like Claude code. And I've also agents like Claude code. And I've also thought about some of the intervening thought about some of the intervening thought about some of the intervening steps we need to get there. And now that steps we need to get there. And now that steps we need to get there. And now that it's sort of being thrust in my face, I it's sort of being thrust in my face, I it's sort of being thrust in my face, I think there's a lot that you could think there's a lot that you could think there's a lot that you could realistically learn from you just like realistically learn from you just like realistically learn from you just like fictional representations of this. That fictional representations of this. That fictional representations of this. That uh most people who probably haven't just uh most people who probably haven't just uh most people who probably haven't just stuck their head so far in the science stuck their head so far in the science stuck their head so far in the science fiction bubble, um I think uh you know, fiction bubble, um I think uh you know, fiction bubble, um I think uh you know, I think would find value in hearing. I think would find value in hearing. I think would find value in hearing. In addition, I obviously have a lot of In addition, I obviously have a lot of In addition, I obviously have a lot of exposure to both mid-market and then exposure to both mid-market and then exposure to both mid-market and then enterprise here, not to mention all the enterprise here, not to mention all the enterprise here, not to mention all the small businesses that I work with um

[3:01:26] small businesses that I work with um small businesses that I work with um through Left Click. And I think that through Left Click. And I think that through Left Click. And I think that gives me sort of an edge here to at gives me sort of an edge here to at gives me sort of an edge here to at least give you guys a some sort of least give you guys a some sort of least give you guys a some sort of plausible future that has more of a 10% plausible future that has more of a 10% plausible future that has more of a 10% chance of probably being true. I mean chance of probably being true. I mean chance of probably being true. I mean like things are changing so quickly, I like things are changing so quickly, I like things are changing so quickly, I obviously can't be 100% sure what is obviously can't be 100% sure what is obviously can't be 100% sure what is going to occur. But these are some going to occur. But these are some going to occur. But these are some things that I consider to be like pretty things that I consider to be like pretty things that I consider to be like pretty low-risk bets that if you make, you'll low-risk bets that if you make, you'll low-risk bets that if you make, you'll probably have some form of alpha. probably have some form of alpha. probably have some form of alpha. Okay, so the first main one is this Okay, so the first main one is this Okay, so the first main one is this trend of decreasing human involvement. trend of decreasing human involvement. trend of decreasing human involvement. Do you guys remember earlier when I Do you guys remember earlier when I Do you guys remember earlier when I showed you guys that diagram where it showed you guys that diagram where it showed you guys that diagram where it was like Vibe Coding to agentic was like Vibe Coding to agentic was like Vibe Coding to agentic engineering to basically like

[3:01:57] engineering to basically like engineering to basically like research-based direction with auto research-based direction with auto research-based direction with auto research and and frameworks like that research and and frameworks like that research and and frameworks like that coming up? coming up? coming up? Well, this is still something like we Well, this is still something like we Well, this is still something like we are creating, right? It's sort of like are creating, right? It's sort of like are creating, right? It's sort of like open-sourced, not not open-sourced, but open-sourced, not not open-sourced, but open-sourced, not not open-sourced, but um it's something that like, you know, um it's something that like, you know, um it's something that like, you know, the community is sort of working on. But the community is sort of working on. But the community is sort of working on. But all of these approaches are soon to be all of these approaches are soon to be all of these approaches are soon to be quite formalized. And it is very likely, quite formalized. And it is very likely, quite formalized. And it is very likely, in my opinion, that we are going to in my opinion, that we are going to in my opinion, that we are going to continue decreasing human involvement in continue decreasing human involvement in continue decreasing human involvement in tasks. This auto research thing is a tasks. This auto research thing is a tasks. This auto research thing is a great example of ways to, you know, great example of ways to, you know, great example of ways to, you know, democratize sort of like little democratize sort of like little democratize sort of like little improvements. I've kept this auto improvements. I've kept this auto improvements. I've kept this auto researcher running, by the way. If you researcher running, by the way. If you researcher running, by the way. If you guys have remembered from like a couple

[3:02:27] guys have remembered from like a couple guys have remembered from like a couple of launches ago, and we're now actually of launches ago, and we're now actually of launches ago, and we're now actually at like almost 8,000 millisecond load at like almost 8,000 millisecond load at like almost 8,000 millisecond load time from a baseline of 1802. time from a baseline of 1802. time from a baseline of 1802. Imagine if you had this running from Imagine if you had this running from Imagine if you had this running from 3,000 days in a row or whatever. Or if 3,000 days in a row or whatever. Or if 3,000 days in a row or whatever. Or if you had this running at like inference you had this running at like inference you had this running at like inference capacities 100x this, right? Which we capacities 100x this, right? Which we capacities 100x this, right? Which we obviously getting to. obviously getting to. obviously getting to. You guys remember how slow GPT-3 was You guys remember how slow GPT-3 was You guys remember how slow GPT-3 was back in the day if anybody here is an back in the day if anybody here is an back in the day if anybody here is an old head that used that? Well, GPT-5.4 old head that used that? Well, GPT-5.4 old head that used that? Well, GPT-5.4 faster instant or whatever is way faster instant or whatever is way faster instant or whatever is way faster. And imagine if you had a model faster. And imagine if you had a model faster. And imagine if you had a model that's 100 times that that fast with the that's 100 times that that fast with the that's 100 times that that fast with the same level of intelligence. You can make same level of intelligence. You can make same level of intelligence. You can make some major updates to basically some major updates to basically some major updates to basically anything.

[3:02:57] anything. anything. And so the idea is, you know, we're And so the idea is, you know, we're And so the idea is, you know, we're probably not going to increase the level probably not going to increase the level probably not going to increase the level of human involvement in like direct of human involvement in like direct of human involvement in like direct coding and stuff like that. Which is coding and stuff like that. Which is coding and stuff like that. Which is fine. I'm not making like a value fine. I'm not making like a value fine. I'm not making like a value judgment or a normative judgment here. judgment or a normative judgment here. judgment or a normative judgment here. Um, but I imagine you as a developer or Um, but I imagine you as a developer or Um, but I imagine you as a developer or business person or whatever will business person or whatever will business person or whatever will actually probably grow less involved in actually probably grow less involved in actually probably grow less involved in the day-to-day work of either your the day-to-day work of either your the day-to-day work of either your company, your research lab, your your company, your research lab, your your company, your research lab, your your your your your app, whatever the heck. your your your app, whatever the heck. your your your app, whatever the heck. And so my take is, in the future, we're And so my take is, in the future, we're And so my take is, in the future, we're going to move towards this sort of thing going to move towards this sort of thing going to move towards this sort of thing that a lot of frameworks have tried to that a lot of frameworks have tried to that a lot of frameworks have tried to formalize, which is that we're each

[3:03:27] formalize, which is that we're each formalize, which is that we're each going to be the CEO of sort of like our going to be the CEO of sort of like our going to be the CEO of sort of like our own company. Whether it's an actual own company. Whether it's an actual own company. Whether it's an actual company in practice or whether it's, you company in practice or whether it's, you company in practice or whether it's, you know, some sort of organization that's know, some sort of organization that's know, some sort of organization that's like a company. All of us will basically like a company. All of us will basically like a company. All of us will basically be just like the the chief executive be just like the the chief executive be just like the the chief executive officer running teams or fleets of officer running teams or fleets of officer running teams or fleets of agents that are constantly doing things agents that are constantly doing things agents that are constantly doing things on our behalf and that have some sort of on our behalf and that have some sort of on our behalf and that have some sort of formalized framework that also like formalized framework that also like formalized framework that also like helps them optimize and and make better. helps them optimize and and make better. helps them optimize and and make better. And so And so And so sort of the the way that this works, I sort of the the way that this works, I sort of the the way that this works, I imagine, is we would go from, you know, imagine, is we would go from, you know, imagine, is we would go from, you know, like the old school Wright brothers like the old school Wright brothers like the old school Wright brothers flying the plane ourselves to sort of flying the plane ourselves to sort of flying the plane ourselves to sort of like modern aircraft engineers, where

[3:03:58] like modern aircraft engineers, where like modern aircraft engineers, where there's somebody in the cockpit, but for there's somebody in the cockpit, but for there's somebody in the cockpit, but for the most part, you know, an autopilot is the most part, you know, an autopilot is the most part, you know, an autopilot is taking over the vast majority of the taking over the vast majority of the taking over the vast majority of the work. Even in, you know, like takeoffs work. Even in, you know, like takeoffs work. Even in, you know, like takeoffs and landings now, they're obviously like and landings now, they're obviously like and landings now, they're obviously like so much so many SOPs and so much like a so much so many SOPs and so much like a so much so many SOPs and so much like a a process and framework that, you know, a process and framework that, you know, a process and framework that, you know, you can imagine how a system that was you can imagine how a system that was you can imagine how a system that was much less developed than ours, much less much less developed than ours, much less much less developed than ours, much less capable of deep thinking and stuff, capable of deep thinking and stuff, capable of deep thinking and stuff, could actually probably just execute it could actually probably just execute it could actually probably just execute it entirely at this point. That said, you entirely at this point. That said, you entirely at this point. That said, you know, will we ever get rid of a human in know, will we ever get rid of a human in know, will we ever get rid of a human in the loop to some capacity? There are the loop to some capacity? There are the loop to some capacity? There are just so many regulatory blocks and I just so many regulatory blocks and I just so many regulatory blocks and I think like ethical issues with that that think like ethical issues with that that think like ethical issues with that that we will probably always just have some we will probably always just have some we will probably always just have some person like manning a ship. It's just

[3:04:29] person like manning a ship. It's just person like manning a ship. It's just the number of ships that a person will the number of ships that a person will the number of ships that a person will man, the number of of discrete agents man, the number of of discrete agents man, the number of of discrete agents will just continue increasing. And so, will just continue increasing. And so, will just continue increasing. And so, you know, rather than have a hundred you know, rather than have a hundred you know, rather than have a hundred people do a task in some specific people do a task in some specific people do a task in some specific company like we used to have, we might company like we used to have, we might company like we used to have, we might have one person do a hundred tasks. have one person do a hundred tasks. have one person do a hundred tasks. Leverage will go up. Leverage will go up. Leverage will go up. Now, a good example of this is Claude's Now, a good example of this is Claude's Now, a good example of this is Claude's recent recent recent auto mode. I don't know if you guys have auto mode. I don't know if you guys have auto mode. I don't know if you guys have seen I said auto mode, but I don't know seen I said auto mode, but I don't know seen I said auto mode, but I don't know if you guys have seen their recent if you guys have seen their recent if you guys have seen their recent development. Where basically you now development. Where basically you now development. Where basically you now have the ability to run some sort of have the ability to run some sort of have the ability to run some sort of autonomous mode instead of choosing, you autonomous mode instead of choosing, you autonomous mode instead of choosing, you know, switch permissions or sorry, uh uh

[3:05:00] know, switch permissions or sorry, uh uh know, switch permissions or sorry, uh uh execute uh um execute uh um execute uh um uh bypass permissions down here or ask uh bypass permissions down here or ask uh bypass permissions down here or ask it before edits or edit automatically it before edits or edit automatically it before edits or edit automatically and and so on and so forth. Well, now we and and so on and so forth. Well, now we and and so on and so forth. Well, now we basically have an additional one, auto basically have an additional one, auto basically have an additional one, auto mode, which um I just can't see here mode, which um I just can't see here mode, which um I just can't see here right now because I'm using a slightly right now because I'm using a slightly right now because I'm using a slightly older version of Claude. So, I don't older version of Claude. So, I don't older version of Claude. So, I don't have that yet. But basically, you know, have that yet. But basically, you know, have that yet. But basically, you know, instead of you actually having to like instead of you actually having to like instead of you actually having to like go through this whole process of go through this whole process of go through this whole process of changing the security changing the security changing the security um changing the access that it has, you um changing the access that it has, you um changing the access that it has, you know, Claude just does that for you. So, know, Claude just does that for you. So, know, Claude just does that for you. So, like that's a pretty good example of like that's a pretty good example of like that's a pretty good example of something that used to require a person something that used to require a person something that used to require a person and now it's just like, well, Claude's and now it's just like, well, Claude's and now it's just like, well, Claude's going to get it ninety-nine point nine going to get it ninety-nine point nine going to get it ninety-nine point nine percent of the time, screw it. I'll I'll percent of the time, screw it. I'll I'll percent of the time, screw it. I'll I'll give it to them. give it to them. give it to them. Okay, so that's a very small microcosm,

[3:05:31] Okay, so that's a very small microcosm, Okay, so that's a very small microcosm, but like imagine the rest of the loop, but like imagine the rest of the loop, but like imagine the rest of the loop, like the planning loop right now. like the planning loop right now. like the planning loop right now. Typically, you have Claude develop a Typically, you have Claude develop a Typically, you have Claude develop a plan for you and then you implement on plan for you and then you implement on plan for you and then you implement on that plan. Um that whole thing is just that plan. Um that whole thing is just that plan. Um that whole thing is just like being internalized. Like we're not like being internalized. Like we're not like being internalized. Like we're not actually doing most of the plan actually doing most of the plan actually doing most of the plan development now. And we we will not development now. And we we will not development now. And we we will not continue to do most of the plan continue to do most of the plan continue to do most of the plan development in the future. development in the future. development in the future. Realistically, Claude's going to do both Realistically, Claude's going to do both Realistically, Claude's going to do both the planning and the implementation. the planning and the implementation. the planning and the implementation. Then the Q&amp;A, it's like right now we're Then the Q&amp;A, it's like right now we're Then the Q&amp;A, it's like right now we're sort of in the loop. We're sort of like sort of in the loop. We're sort of like sort of in the loop. We're sort of like clicking in the buttons, running it. clicking in the buttons, running it. clicking in the buttons, running it. Well, they're developing automated Well, they're developing automated Well, they're developing automated testing procedures where Claude actually testing procedures where Claude actually testing procedures where Claude actually also does the Q&amp;A for you and then also does the Q&amp;A for you and then also does the Q&amp;A for you and then delivers you the whole thing. delivers you the whole thing. delivers you the whole thing. And so, some people hate this because And so, some people hate this because And so, some people hate this because they're like, "Well, they're like, "Well, they're like, "Well, they're taking my jobs and whatnot." And

[3:06:01] they're taking my jobs and whatnot." And they're taking my jobs and whatnot." And I think there's I think there's a fair I think there's I think there's a fair I think there's I think there's a fair point to that, you know, human beings point to that, you know, human beings point to that, you know, human beings leverage will continue to increase, but leverage will continue to increase, but leverage will continue to increase, but depends on like how much work is there depends on like how much work is there depends on like how much work is there really to do, how many software products really to do, how many software products really to do, how many software products are there really to develop, do we are there really to develop, do we are there really to develop, do we actually are we even going to have like actually are we even going to have like actually are we even going to have like the demand for that sort of thing? I the demand for that sort of thing? I the demand for that sort of thing? I think that's like a reasonable think that's like a reasonable think that's like a reasonable conversation to have. conversation to have. conversation to have. I don't, you know, unfortunately I don't I don't, you know, unfortunately I don't I don't, you know, unfortunately I don't know the answer. My my take is like know the answer. My my take is like know the answer. My my take is like eventually we're probably going to have eventually we're probably going to have eventually we're probably going to have to move to some sort of different to move to some sort of different to move to some sort of different economic system because most of the economic system because most of the economic system because most of the world would be unemployed otherwise. world would be unemployed otherwise. world would be unemployed otherwise. But that's me getting all political. But that's me getting all political. But that's me getting all political. Um that's number one, okay? So, the Um that's number one, okay? So, the Um that's number one, okay? So, the trend of decreasing human involvement is trend of decreasing human involvement is trend of decreasing human involvement is very likely to continue with cloud code. very likely to continue with cloud code. very likely to continue with cloud code. They're now at the point where they're They're now at the point where they're They're now at the point where they're developing this so rapidly that like AI

[3:06:32] developing this so rapidly that like AI developing this so rapidly that like AI is helping AI design products. is helping AI design products. is helping AI design products. And you know, automotive is just the And you know, automotive is just the And you know, automotive is just the beginning of like I think a massive beginning of like I think a massive beginning of like I think a massive suite of rollouts that will suite of rollouts that will suite of rollouts that will significantly improve your experience. significantly improve your experience. significantly improve your experience. But, you know, make you more hands-off. But, you know, make you more hands-off. But, you know, make you more hands-off. My second one is more of like an My second one is more of like an My second one is more of like an economic economic economic consideration, which is that software consideration, which is that software consideration, which is that software products and tools, okay, the the products and tools, okay, the the products and tools, okay, the the quality of the things that you build quality of the things that you build quality of the things that you build will no longer be the moat. will no longer be the moat. will no longer be the moat. So, in the in the past, in the good old So, in the in the past, in the good old So, in the in the past, in the good old days, back when I was on the come up, days, back when I was on the come up, days, back when I was on the come up, how good your software was, how good your software was, how good your software was, think like Windows, think like, you think like Windows, think like, you think like Windows, think like, you know, like macOS,

[3:07:02] know, like macOS, know, like macOS, how good that operating system was, how good that operating system was, how good that operating system was, might have been the only thing that might have been the only thing that might have been the only thing that distinguished that operating system from distinguished that operating system from distinguished that operating system from another operating system. And if it was another operating system. And if it was another operating system. And if it was really, really good, then obviously it really, really good, then obviously it really, really good, then obviously it would be much more popular and then it would be much more popular and then it would be much more popular and then it would get, you know, a bunch of like would get, you know, a bunch of like would get, you know, a bunch of like inherent interest and stuff like that inherent interest and stuff like that inherent interest and stuff like that cuz the capabilities and you'd obviously cuz the capabilities and you'd obviously cuz the capabilities and you'd obviously use it. use it. use it. So, So, So, the issue with that nowadays is you can the issue with that nowadays is you can the issue with that nowadays is you can make Netflix in 5 minutes. make Netflix in 5 minutes. make Netflix in 5 minutes. Netflix before was this innovative Netflix before was this innovative Netflix before was this innovative streaming model that, you know, was like streaming model that, you know, was like streaming model that, you know, was like wow, you know, you could just load the wow, you know, you could just load the wow, you know, you could just load the thing and then the the the the video thing and then the the the the video thing and then the the the the video loads on you for for you on demand and loads on you for for you on demand and

[3:07:32] loads on you for for you on demand and it's incredible and like the streaming it's incredible and like the streaming it's incredible and like the streaming and latency and uptime and all that and latency and uptime and all that and latency and uptime and all that stuff. It's like super proprietary stuff. It's like super proprietary stuff. It's like super proprietary technology. technology. technology. Well, now it's like I can code Netflix Well, now it's like I can code Netflix Well, now it's like I can code Netflix in 5 minutes with like, you know, three in 5 minutes with like, you know, three in 5 minutes with like, you know, three or four agents on Fast One. So, it's or four agents on Fast One. So, it's or four agents on Fast One. So, it's like what is the value of Netflix? like what is the value of Netflix? like what is the value of Netflix? What is the moat that differentiates What is the moat that differentiates What is the moat that differentiates Netflix as sort of like this like old Netflix as sort of like this like old Netflix as sort of like this like old school medieval castle from all of the school medieval castle from all of the school medieval castle from all of the attackers that, you know, could actually attackers that, you know, could actually attackers that, you know, could actually take it down? take it down? take it down? Well, the moat now, and uh this has been Well, the moat now, and uh this has been Well, the moat now, and uh this has been something for at least a couple of something for at least a couple of something for at least a couple of years, the moat now is no longer the years, the moat now is no longer the years, the moat now is no longer the software. It is the distribution. So, in software. It is the distribution. So, in software. It is the distribution. So, in a world where everybody has basically a world where everybody has basically a world where everybody has basically like a like a like a I don't know, a a nuclear weapon, is the

[3:08:03] I don't know, a a nuclear weapon, is the I don't know, a a nuclear weapon, is the differentiator like everybody has a differentiator like everybody has a differentiator like everybody has a nuclear weapon? No, the differentiator nuclear weapon? No, the differentiator nuclear weapon? No, the differentiator moves to other things like uh I don't moves to other things like uh I don't moves to other things like uh I don't know, the political framework, like the know, the political framework, like the know, the political framework, like the wellness of the populace, and stuff like wellness of the populace, and stuff like wellness of the populace, and stuff like that. What I'm trying to say is like that. What I'm trying to say is like that. What I'm trying to say is like that that skill, that software that that skill, that software that that skill, that software engineering ability is no longer going engineering ability is no longer going engineering ability is no longer going to be the moat. And instead, um the moat to be the moat. And instead, um the moat to be the moat. And instead, um the moat is going to move to, you know, the is going to move to, you know, the is going to move to, you know, the connection step that a company has to connection step that a company has to connection step that a company has to its consumers, the reputation that the its consumers, the reputation that the its consumers, the reputation that the company has in the market, the company has in the market, the company has in the market, the distribution that it has with a bunch of distribution that it has with a bunch of distribution that it has with a bunch of vendors that, you know, are hard-won vendors that, you know, are hard-won vendors that, you know, are hard-won relationships and connections that they relationships and connections that they relationships and connections that they realistically built over the course of realistically built over the course of realistically built over the course of many years. You know, Netflix now has a

[3:08:33] many years. You know, Netflix now has a many years. You know, Netflix now has a bunch of patents and and rights and uh bunch of patents and and rights and uh bunch of patents and and rights and uh licenses and stuff like that to air licenses and stuff like that to air licenses and stuff like that to air specific shows. It's seen this coming specific shows. It's seen this coming specific shows. It's seen this coming and and so it's tried to diversify and and so it's tried to diversify and and so it's tried to diversify accordingly. But you're going to see accordingly. But you're going to see accordingly. But you're going to see that in basically every software that in basically every software that in basically every software platform. The moat will like probably platform. The moat will like probably platform. The moat will like probably move more to the distribution and the move more to the distribution and the move more to the distribution and the legal and compliance aspects than legal and compliance aspects than legal and compliance aspects than necessarily like how good the software necessarily like how good the software necessarily like how good the software is. Which means you're going to have is. Which means you're going to have is. Which means you're going to have like these cracked, probably like 14, like these cracked, probably like 14, like these cracked, probably like 14, 15-year-old kids designing like the most 15-year-old kids designing like the most 15-year-old kids designing like the most incredible, amazing software ever, and incredible, amazing software ever, and incredible, amazing software ever, and then that software will be able to then that software will be able to then that software will be able to reproduce anything that like a major reproduce anything that like a major reproduce anything that like a major business would do in like a hundredth of business would do in like a hundredth of business would do in like a hundredth of the time. the time. the time. But, you know, because they don't have But, you know, because they don't have But, you know, because they don't have like the compliance or or whatever

[3:09:03] like the compliance or or whatever like the compliance or or whatever certifications or whatever, you know, certifications or whatever, you know, certifications or whatever, you know, it'll probably be more difficult for it'll probably be more difficult for it'll probably be more difficult for them to actually go to market with them to actually go to market with them to actually go to market with something like that, despite it being something like that, despite it being something like that, despite it being like objectively superior. like objectively superior. like objectively superior. And uh you know, the way that I see it And uh you know, the way that I see it And uh you know, the way that I see it is we already have AI models that are at is we already have AI models that are at is we already have AI models that are at the limit of human reasoning capability. the limit of human reasoning capability. the limit of human reasoning capability. They can run hundreds of times faster They can run hundreds of times faster They can run hundreds of times faster than our brains, soon to be thousands of than our brains, soon to be thousands of than our brains, soon to be thousands of times faster than our brains on basic times faster than our brains on basic times faster than our brains on basic tasks. So, even if they're not like tasks. So, even if they're not like tasks. So, even if they're not like better than us at the software design better than us at the software design better than us at the software design individually, if you run a thousand, you individually, if you run a thousand, you individually, if you run a thousand, you know, 90 IQ models comparatively like know, 90 IQ models comparatively like know, 90 IQ models comparatively like one to 100 IQ human, those will one to 100 IQ human, those will one to 100 IQ human, those will eventually figure out the things that eventually figure out the things that eventually figure out the things that that one 100 IQ human would do. And not

[3:09:34] that one 100 IQ human would do. And not that one 100 IQ human would do. And not only will you develop more software like only will you develop more software like only will you develop more software like quality, you'll also develop more quality, you'll also develop more quality, you'll also develop more software quantity. And so, software as a software quantity. And so, software as a software quantity. And so, software as a just a market thing, supply and demand, just a market thing, supply and demand, just a market thing, supply and demand, like economically, the supply will be so like economically, the supply will be so like economically, the supply will be so damn high that the demand for any sort damn high that the demand for any sort damn high that the demand for any sort of like purchasable software gets a lot of like purchasable software gets a lot of like purchasable software gets a lot lower. lower. lower. Which means I personally don't think Which means I personally don't think Which means I personally don't think like a SaaS product is really the play like a SaaS product is really the play like a SaaS product is really the play here. I don't think there's going to be here. I don't think there's going to be here. I don't think there's going to be any sort of life cycle for like any sort of life cycle for like any sort of life cycle for like subscription-based products. I think subscription-based products. I think subscription-based products. I think you'll have a short window of time where you'll have a short window of time where you'll have a short window of time where you could actually just monetize like a you could actually just monetize like a you could actually just monetize like a one-time buy product, and then most one-time buy product, and then most one-time buy product, and then most people will just say, "Well, should I people will just say, "Well, should I people will just say, "Well, should I spend $199 on the product or should I spend $199 on the product or should I spend $199 on the product or should I just spend $19 plus 30 minutes of my just spend $19 plus 30 minutes of my just spend $19 plus 30 minutes of my time on tokens and they just design it

[3:10:04] time on tokens and they just design it time on tokens and they just design it for myself?" for myself?" for myself?" And I think that's going to change the And I think that's going to change the And I think that's going to change the way that we do, you know, like software way that we do, you know, like software way that we do, you know, like software more generally. more generally. more generally. So, I'm not very bullish on like, you So, I'm not very bullish on like, you So, I'm not very bullish on like, you know, developing software as a service know, developing software as a service know, developing software as a service apps and stuff like that. I have a lot apps and stuff like that. I have a lot apps and stuff like that. I have a lot of people be like, "Nick, you know all of people be like, "Nick, you know all of people be like, "Nick, you know all this stuff, you know how to design all this stuff, you know how to design all this stuff, you know how to design all the software. Like, why aren't you the software. Like, why aren't you the software. Like, why aren't you making a software app and why why aren't making a software app and why why aren't making a software app and why why aren't you monetizing your community, let's you monetizing your community, let's you monetizing your community, let's say, through software?" And I'm like, "I say, through software?" And I'm like, "I say, through software?" And I'm like, "I don't really be able to do that for a don't really be able to do that for a don't really be able to do that for a short period of time. And then even if I short period of time. And then even if I short period of time. And then even if I were to, like, where's the value in that were to, like, where's the value in that were to, like, where's the value in that if anybody could just make it? I'm if anybody could just make it? I'm if anybody could just make it? I'm sending them like 20 minutes and a sending them like 20 minutes and a sending them like 20 minutes and a couple bucks in tokens, right? It's not couple bucks in tokens, right? It's not couple bucks in tokens, right? It's not that big of a deal." that big of a deal." that big of a deal." So, I mean, I would I would move So, I mean, I would I would move So, I mean, I would I would move accordingly, I guess.

[3:10:34] accordingly, I guess. accordingly, I guess. Okay, so the third thing that I'm like Okay, so the third thing that I'm like Okay, so the third thing that I'm like 99.9% sure of is that the pace of change 99.9% sure of is that the pace of change 99.9% sure of is that the pace of change is not slowing down anytime soon. is not slowing down anytime soon. is not slowing down anytime soon. It will continue to accelerate. Just as It will continue to accelerate. Just as It will continue to accelerate. Just as technology has helped us technology has helped us technology has helped us increase the pace of change throughout increase the pace of change throughout increase the pace of change throughout history with things like the printing history with things like the printing history with things like the printing press, uh with uh developments and, you press, uh with uh developments and, you press, uh with uh developments and, you know, communication with like the know, communication with like the know, communication with like the telegraph and so on and so forth. telegraph and so on and so forth. telegraph and so on and so forth. You know, these things don't just You know, these things don't just You know, these things don't just improve the quality of life of the improve the quality of life of the improve the quality of life of the average person, they improve the average person, they improve the average person, they improve the research and development arm of research and development arm of research and development arm of technologists who work on that exact

[3:11:04] technologists who work on that exact technologists who work on that exact thing. And so, because of that, you thing. And so, because of that, you thing. And so, because of that, you know, the pace of change is is basically know, the pace of change is is basically know, the pace of change is is basically just going up. just going up. just going up. If I had to um graph sort of where we If I had to um graph sort of where we If I had to um graph sort of where we are now, are now, are now, and I will, and I will, and I will, because I freaking love graphs, right? because I freaking love graphs, right? because I freaking love graphs, right? &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Just the best. &gt;&gt; Just the best. &gt;&gt; Just the best. And if I were to graph the intelligence, And if I were to graph the intelligence, And if I were to graph the intelligence, which is a very loose term here and which is a very loose term here and which is a very loose term here and obviously it means different things to obviously it means different things to obviously it means different things to different people, but the intelligence different people, but the intelligence different people, but the intelligence of a model over time, of a model over time, of a model over time, you know, basically, I'd go like this. you know, basically, I'd go like this. you know, basically, I'd go like this. Okay? And so, this back here was sort of

[3:11:34] Okay? And so, this back here was sort of Okay? And so, this back here was sort of like linear growth from like maybe like like linear growth from like maybe like like linear growth from like maybe like the 1970s the 1970s the 1970s and stuff with like Minsky uh you know, and stuff with like Minsky uh you know, and stuff with like Minsky uh you know, 1970s and 80s and stuff. Minsky and like 1970s and 80s and stuff. Minsky and like 1970s and 80s and stuff. Minsky and like the the first few neural nets and stuff the the first few neural nets and stuff the the first few neural nets and stuff like that. Then this right over here is like that. Then this right over here is like that. Then this right over here is probably like I don't know, 2010 when probably like I don't know, 2010 when probably like I don't know, 2010 when models started actually doing stuff, models started actually doing stuff, models started actually doing stuff, right? Then this over here right? Then this over here right? Then this over here it's like 2020. it's like 2020. it's like 2020. Yeah, this over here Yeah, this over here Yeah, this over here is like is like is like 2020 2020 2020 five and then five and then five and then this over here is 2026. Do you see how

[3:12:04] this over here is 2026. Do you see how this over here is 2026. Do you see how how like high how like high how like high this is going, how quickly? And then um this is going, how quickly? And then um this is going, how quickly? And then um a point that I want to make is basically a point that I want to make is basically a point that I want to make is basically like like like this right here is the intelligence of this right here is the intelligence of this right here is the intelligence of maybe like a like a chimpanzee. maybe like a like a chimpanzee. maybe like a like a chimpanzee. Okay? Um this right here is the Okay? Um this right here is the Okay? Um this right here is the intelligence of like an average human. intelligence of like an average human. intelligence of like an average human. And then this right here And then this right here And then this right here is maybe the intelligence of like is maybe the intelligence of like is maybe the intelligence of like Einstein. Einstein. Einstein. &gt;&gt; [gasps] &gt;&gt; [gasps] &gt;&gt; [gasps] &gt;&gt; And um what we what we have now is, you &gt;&gt; And um what we what we have now is, you &gt;&gt; And um what we what we have now is, you know, we're we're like right over here, know, we're we're like right over here, know, we're we're like right over here, man. These models I I say smart as a man. These models I I say smart as a man. These models I I say smart as a chimpanzee not to didn't diminute or chimpanzee not to didn't diminute or chimpanzee not to didn't diminute or whatever chimpanzees, but um you know,

[3:12:35] whatever chimpanzees, but um you know, whatever chimpanzees, but um you know, their brains are extraordinarily their brains are extraordinarily their brains are extraordinarily advanced and developed. They have like advanced and developed. They have like advanced and developed. They have like these cerebelli, these these sections of these cerebelli, these these sections of these cerebelli, these these sections of their brains that are responsible for their brains that are responsible for their brains that are responsible for calculating like millions of of calculating like millions of of calculating like millions of of movements and and so on and so forth movements and and so on and so forth movements and and so on and so forth every minute. every minute. every minute. Like it's a very complicated thing to Like it's a very complicated thing to Like it's a very complicated thing to like replicate the intelligence and like replicate the intelligence and like replicate the intelligence and distributed intelligence of an organism distributed intelligence of an organism distributed intelligence of an organism and you don't capture that all just by and you don't capture that all just by and you don't capture that all just by like, "Hey, can it write? Hey, can it, like, "Hey, can it write? Hey, can it, like, "Hey, can it write? Hey, can it, you know, reason and do math?" Have you you know, reason and do math?" Have you you know, reason and do math?" Have you ever seen like a chimpanzee's like ever seen like a chimpanzee's like ever seen like a chimpanzee's like memory? Have you seen it's like ability memory? Have you seen it's like ability memory? Have you seen it's like ability to like uh you know, move around on a to like uh you know, move around on a to like uh you know, move around on a page and like uh figure out symbolism page and like uh figure out symbolism page and like uh figure out symbolism and then uh symbols, sorry, and then and then uh symbols, sorry, and then and then uh symbols, sorry, and then like count numbers up in their motor like count numbers up in their motor like count numbers up in their motor neurons. Anyway, the point I'm making is

[3:13:06] neurons. Anyway, the point I'm making is neurons. Anyway, the point I'm making is not this is a course on chimpanzees, so not this is a course on chimpanzees, so not this is a course on chimpanzees, so I'll stop talking. God, that's my nerdy I'll stop talking. God, that's my nerdy I'll stop talking. God, that's my nerdy side. side. side. But um that the gap between the But um that the gap between the But um that the gap between the intelligence of a chimpanzee, if you intelligence of a chimpanzee, if you intelligence of a chimpanzee, if you just count up all the neurons in its just count up all the neurons in its just count up all the neurons in its brain, the intelligence of a human, if brain, the intelligence of a human, if brain, the intelligence of a human, if you count up all the neurons in its you count up all the neurons in its you count up all the neurons in its brain, the intelligence of Einstein, brain, the intelligence of Einstein, brain, the intelligence of Einstein, they're actually very close together. they're actually very close together. they're actually very close together. They're very clustered. And I'd say like They're very clustered. And I'd say like They're very clustered. And I'd say like we're basically right over here right we're basically right over here right we're basically right over here right now. So guess what's going to happen in now. So guess what's going to happen in now. So guess what's going to happen in like, you know, the next few years? This like, you know, the next few years? This like, you know, the next few years? This is going to go like up here. And we are is going to go like up here. And we are is going to go like up here. And we are going to it's going to be like, "Wow, going to it's going to be like, "Wow, going to it's going to be like, "Wow, these things are so dumb. They're dumb. these things are so dumb. They're dumb. these things are so dumb. They're dumb. Oh, wow, cute. They can do things that a Oh, wow, cute. They can do things that a Oh, wow, cute. They can do things that a chimpanzee can do." And then like six chimpanzee can do." And then like six chimpanzee can do." And then like six months it's like, "Oh, okay, these months it's like, "Oh, okay, these months it's like, "Oh, okay, these things are now like things are now like things are now like you know, freaking galaxy brain

[3:13:37] you know, freaking galaxy brain you know, freaking galaxy brain intelligences that you know, can do intelligences that you know, can do intelligences that you know, can do everything and anything for us. everything and anything for us. everything and anything for us. And um imagine what happens when, you And um imagine what happens when, you And um imagine what happens when, you know, all of this is just humans working know, all of this is just humans working know, all of this is just humans working on stuff. on stuff. on stuff. And then eventually it gets the point And then eventually it gets the point And then eventually it gets the point where it can actually like use human where it can actually like use human where it can actually like use human level intelligence, which is right now, level intelligence, which is right now, level intelligence, which is right now, to like improve its rate of growth. This to like improve its rate of growth. This to like improve its rate of growth. This thing is just vertical. I mean, this thing is just vertical. I mean, this thing is just vertical. I mean, this thing would go so vertical it'd go thing would go so vertical it'd go thing would go so vertical it'd go through my roof in 2 seconds. through my roof in 2 seconds. through my roof in 2 seconds. So, that's my take on it personally. I So, that's my take on it personally. I So, that's my take on it personally. I think um think um think um you know, I think we're getting really, you know, I think we're getting really, you know, I think we're getting really, really close to super fast paces of really close to super fast paces of really close to super fast paces of change. And if you guys have like been change. And if you guys have like been change. And if you guys have like been monitoring the the Claude even Claude monitoring the the Claude even Claude monitoring the the Claude even Claude code X page recently or like seeing code X page recently or like seeing code X page recently or like seeing YouTube, there's there's new updates

[3:14:07] YouTube, there's there's new updates YouTube, there's there's new updates coming out every day. This would have coming out every day. This would have coming out every day. This would have been unfathomable just like 3 or 4 years been unfathomable just like 3 or 4 years been unfathomable just like 3 or 4 years ago to make this level of development ago to make this level of development ago to make this level of development and this level of like small additions and this level of like small additions and this level of like small additions to a software product while also making to a software product while also making to a software product while also making sure they're testable and reliable. sure they're testable and reliable. sure they're testable and reliable. It's just because intelligence is making It's just because intelligence is making It's just because intelligence is making intelligence more intelligent now. intelligence more intelligent now. intelligence more intelligent now. And then the last thing I'm going to say And then the last thing I'm going to say And then the last thing I'm going to say is that uh the people that is that uh the people that is that uh the people that will control, not necessarily control, will control, not necessarily control, will control, not necessarily control, but have the most like power and ability but have the most like power and ability but have the most like power and ability over the course of the next years are over the course of the next years are over the course of the next years are people that learn to use this technology people that learn to use this technology people that learn to use this technology now. You're part of a very like now. You're part of a very like now. You're part of a very like privileged minority and I don't say that privileged minority and I don't say that privileged minority and I don't say that in like the political sense of the term

[3:14:37] in like the political sense of the term in like the political sense of the term cuz I think it's all muddled up. But cuz I think it's all muddled up. But cuz I think it's all muddled up. But like you're part of a minority of people like you're part of a minority of people like you're part of a minority of people right now that like actually use this right now that like actually use this right now that like actually use this technology. Do you know how few people technology. Do you know how few people technology. Do you know how few people even understand what an agent harness even understand what an agent harness even understand what an agent harness is? We're talking like sub like 1% of is? We're talking like sub like 1% of is? We're talking like sub like 1% of the population of Earth. the population of Earth. the population of Earth. The percentage of people that know how The percentage of people that know how The percentage of people that know how to use a an agent harness, like you are to use a an agent harness, like you are to use a an agent harness, like you are doing right now, is even less. It's a doing right now, is even less. It's a doing right now, is even less. It's a fraction, vanishingly small percentage. fraction, vanishingly small percentage. fraction, vanishingly small percentage. I don't know if everybody that watches I don't know if everybody that watches I don't know if everybody that watches this is old enough to remember, but this is old enough to remember, but this is old enough to remember, but there were like some protests back in there were like some protests back in there were like some protests back in the day on Wall Street. And the point is the day on Wall Street. And the point is the day on Wall Street. And the point is that they were like, "We are the 99% or that they were like, "We are the 99% or that they were like, "We are the 99% or whatever." And they were protesting the

[3:15:07] whatever." And they were protesting the whatever." And they were protesting the massive wealth divide in specific parts massive wealth divide in specific parts massive wealth divide in specific parts of America between like, you know, of America between like, you know, of America between like, you know, really, really wealthy people that work really, really wealthy people that work really, really wealthy people that work on Wall Street and then like the on Wall Street and then like the on Wall Street and then like the populace, the rest of the people that populace, the rest of the people that populace, the rest of the people that like I don't know, manage the service like I don't know, manage the service like I don't know, manage the service industry and hospitality and basically industry and hospitality and basically industry and hospitality and basically do everything else. And they're like, do everything else. And they're like, do everything else. And they're like, "Why do you guys get to have like "Why do you guys get to have like "Why do you guys get to have like thousands of times more money than us?" thousands of times more money than us?" thousands of times more money than us?" Um you are the 1% right now. Um you are the 1% right now. Um you are the 1% right now. You are that group of people that I'm You are that group of people that I'm You are that group of people that I'm sure in the future other people will be sure in the future other people will be sure in the future other people will be raising their hands about and you know, raising their hands about and you know, raising their hands about and you know, shaking their fists at. Because you have shaking their fists at. Because you have shaking their fists at. Because you have an enormous capability to use models an enormous capability to use models an enormous capability to use models like this for just cents on the dollar like this for just cents on the dollar like this for just cents on the dollar to do incredibly amazing economically

[3:15:38] to do incredibly amazing economically to do incredibly amazing economically valuable things that would take that valuable things that would take that valuable things that would take that other group of 99% like like months to other group of 99% like like months to other group of 99% like like months to do what you could realistically do in a do what you could realistically do in a do what you could realistically do in a day. day. day. It's insane. You know, I think you can It's insane. You know, I think you can It's insane. You know, I think you can talk all day about like the wealth talk all day about like the wealth talk all day about like the wealth divide, but you can also talk about like divide, but you can also talk about like divide, but you can also talk about like the productivity divide. And the wealth the productivity divide. And the wealth the productivity divide. And the wealth improves the likelihood that you will be improves the likelihood that you will be improves the likelihood that you will be in that product the positive chunk of in that product the positive chunk of in that product the positive chunk of the productivity divide. the productivity divide. the productivity divide. You right now, even if you don't have a You right now, even if you don't have a You right now, even if you don't have a lot of money, have access to insane lot of money, have access to insane lot of money, have access to insane technology and leverage simply because technology and leverage simply because technology and leverage simply because you're in a you're in a you're in a So, that's going to increase. So, that's going to increase. So, that's going to increase. Now, William Gibson, one of my favorite Now, William Gibson, one of my favorite Now, William Gibson, one of my favorite authors, said it best, "The future is authors, said it best, "The future is authors, said it best, "The future is here, it's just unevenly distributed."

[3:16:08] here, it's just unevenly distributed." here, it's just unevenly distributed." Meaning that like we have access to Meaning that like we have access to Meaning that like we have access to insane technology, it's just like not insane technology, it's just like not insane technology, it's just like not all of us do at the same rate. all of us do at the same rate. all of us do at the same rate. There's small pockets of people like There's small pockets of people like There's small pockets of people like yourself that understand how to use yourself that understand how to use yourself that understand how to use these tools far better than others, and these tools far better than others, and these tools far better than others, and in doing so, you have the ability to in doing so, you have the ability to in doing so, you have the ability to reap asymmetrical rewards over a small reap asymmetrical rewards over a small reap asymmetrical rewards over a small chunk of time. chunk of time. chunk of time. And my take is as the economy shifts to And my take is as the economy shifts to And my take is as the economy shifts to accommodate smarter than human accommodate smarter than human accommodate smarter than human intelligences, intelligences, intelligences, the people that understand things like the people that understand things like the people that understand things like agent harnesses and coding harnesses, agent harnesses and coding harnesses, agent harnesses and coding harnesses, people that understand how to use the people that understand how to use the people that understand how to use the best models in the world like Claude, best models in the world like Claude, best models in the world like Claude, uh you know, Opus or Mythos or whatever uh you know, Opus or Mythos or whatever uh you know, Opus or Mythos or whatever the heck we're at now. the heck we're at now. the heck we're at now. People that know how to turn these into People that know how to turn these into People that know how to turn these into economically valuable things are the economically valuable things are the economically valuable things are the ultimate people that are going to win ultimate people that are going to win ultimate people that are going to win this share of the future, um whatever

[3:16:40] this share of the future, um whatever this share of the future, um whatever small percentage it is. Because given small percentage it is. Because given small percentage it is. Because given the massive unbounded upside here, like the massive unbounded upside here, like the massive unbounded upside here, like we're talking we're talking we're talking you know, solar panels orbiting the you know, solar panels orbiting the you know, solar panels orbiting the freaking sun in a few years like we're freaking sun in a few years like we're freaking sun in a few years like we're we have solar panels, but the point that we have solar panels, but the point that we have solar panels, but the point that I'm making is the massive potential I'm making is the massive potential I'm making is the massive potential upside of if everything goes right with upside of if everything goes right with upside of if everything goes right with this technology, things don't go super this technology, things don't go super this technology, things don't go super wrong. wrong. wrong. If you own even 0.00000000001% of that potential future because of some of that potential future because of some decisions that you made today to, you decisions that you made today to, you decisions that you made today to, you know, upskill and start this know, upskill and start this know, upskill and start this productivity kickoff, productivity kickoff, productivity kickoff, um you know, like the the the abundance

[3:17:11] um you know, like the the the abundance um you know, like the the the abundance of your own personal life would would be of your own personal life would would be of your own personal life would would be huge. huge. huge. Okay, so Okay, so Okay, so I guess that's it. We made it to the end I guess that's it. We made it to the end I guess that's it. We made it to the end of the course, and that's really all I of the course, and that's really all I of the course, and that's really all I have to say on that. have to say on that. have to say on that. Hopefully you guys appreciated learning Hopefully you guys appreciated learning Hopefully you guys appreciated learning everything that I had to give on Claude everything that I had to give on Claude everything that I had to give on Claude code, and you guys have learned some code, and you guys have learned some code, and you guys have learned some advanced concepts here, whether it's advanced concepts here, whether it's advanced concepts here, whether it's about, you know, initial system prompts about, you know, initial system prompts about, you know, initial system prompts and and and Claude done on these or it's and and and Claude done on these or it's and and and Claude done on these or it's some of the more obscure things and some of the more obscure things and some of the more obscure things and esoteric things like security or the esoteric things like security or the esoteric things like security or the future like I just talked about. future like I just talked about. future like I just talked about. Um, if you guys like this sort of thing, Um, if you guys like this sort of thing, Um, if you guys like this sort of thing, you'd be doing me a big solid to you'd be doing me a big solid to you'd be doing me a big solid to subscribe to the channel. For whatever subscribe to the channel. For whatever subscribe to the channel. For whatever reason, something like 70% of my regular reason, something like 70% of my regular reason, something like 70% of my regular viewers are not subscribed. I think it's

[3:17:42] viewers are not subscribed. I think it's viewers are not subscribed. I think it's just how YouTube works. Most people just how YouTube works. Most people just how YouTube works. Most people don't sub. But, you could you could sub. don't sub. But, you could you could sub. don't sub. But, you could you could sub. That would really help me out. I want to That would really help me out. I want to That would really help me out. I want to get this sort of message out to more get this sort of message out to more get this sort of message out to more people and obviously help them be in people and obviously help them be in people and obviously help them be in that small little chunk. that small little chunk. that small little chunk. Uh, if you do me a solid, leave a Uh, if you do me a solid, leave a Uh, if you do me a solid, leave a comment down below with video idea or comment down below with video idea or comment down below with video idea or something that you want me to cover. I something that you want me to cover. I something that you want me to cover. I actually get most of my ideas directly actually get most of my ideas directly actually get most of my ideas directly from my audience now, so I'd really from my audience now, so I'd really from my audience now, so I'd really appreciate that. appreciate that. appreciate that. If there's anything that I didn't cover If there's anything that I didn't cover If there's anything that I didn't cover here or maybe didn't touch on that you here or maybe didn't touch on that you here or maybe didn't touch on that you would like me to touch on or maybe would like me to touch on or maybe would like me to touch on or maybe anything that I personally made a anything that I personally made a anything that I personally made a mistake on, I'd I'd love to hear it mistake on, I'd I'd love to hear it mistake on, I'd I'd love to hear it because I'm trying to improve my ability because I'm trying to improve my ability because I'm trying to improve my ability to use these tools. Finally, I also help to use these tools. Finally, I also help to use these tools. Finally, I also help other companies implement this sort of other companies implement this sort of other companies implement this sort of thing in their own businesses, whether

[3:18:12] thing in their own businesses, whether thing in their own businesses, whether you are a small to mid-size business, you are a small to mid-size business, you are a small to mid-size business, mid-market, or enterprise. Um, so if you mid-market, or enterprise. Um, so if you mid-market, or enterprise. Um, so if you want to chat with my team, just check want to chat with my team, just check want to chat with my team, just check down below. Uh, somewhere at the top of down below. Uh, somewhere at the top of down below. Uh, somewhere at the top of the description, there'll be a link. the description, there'll be a link. the description, there'll be a link. Thank you for making it all the way to Thank you for making it all the way to Thank you for making it all the way to the end of the video. I'll see y'all the end of the video. I'll see y'all the end of the video. I'll see y'all soon. Bye.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=UPtmKh1vMN8
