# Transcript: Andrej Karpathy: From Vibe Coding to Agentic Engineering w/ Stephanie Zhan

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96jN2OCOfLs
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 29:42 · Words: 18764
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=96jN2OCOfLs

## Transcript
[0:03] We're so excited for our very first We're so excited for our very first special guest. He has helped build special guest. He has helped build special guest. He has helped build modern AI, modern AI, modern AI, then explain modern AI, and then then explain modern AI, and then then explain modern AI, and then occasionally rename modern AI. occasionally rename modern AI. occasionally rename modern AI. He actually helped co-found OpenAI right He actually helped co-found OpenAI right He actually helped co-found OpenAI right inside of this office, was the one who inside of this office, was the one who inside of this office, was the one who actually got autopilot working at Tesla actually got autopilot working at Tesla actually got autopilot working at Tesla back in the day. back in the day. back in the day. And he has a rare gift of making the And he has a rare gift of making the And he has a rare gift of making the most complex technical shifts feel both most complex technical shifts feel both most complex technical shifts feel both accessible and inevitable. accessible and inevitable. accessible and inevitable. You all know him for having coined the You all know him for having coined the You all know him for having coined the term vibe coding last year, but just in

[0:34] term vibe coding last year, but just in term vibe coding last year, but just in the last few months he said something the last few months he said something the last few months he said something even more startling, even more startling, even more startling, that he's never felt more behind as a that he's never felt more behind as a that he's never felt more behind as a programmer. programmer. programmer. That's where we're starting today. Thank That's where we're starting today. Thank That's where we're starting today. Thank you, Andre, for joining us. Yeah, hello. you, Andre, for joining us. Yeah, hello. you, Andre, for joining us. Yeah, hello. I'm excited to be here and to kick us I'm excited to be here and to kick us I'm excited to be here and to kick us off. off. off. Okay, so just a couple months ago you Okay, so just a couple months ago you Okay, so just a couple months ago you said that you've never felt more behind said that you've never felt more behind said that you've never felt more behind as a programmer. That's startling to as a programmer. That's startling to as a programmer. That's startling to hear from you of all people. Um can you hear from you of all people. Um can you hear from you of all people. Um can you help us unpack that? Was that feeling help us unpack that? Was that feeling help us unpack that? Was that feeling exhilarating or unsettling? exhilarating or unsettling? exhilarating or unsettling? Uh yeah, mixture of both for sure. Uh yeah, mixture of both for sure. Uh yeah, mixture of both for sure. Uh well, first of all, um

[1:05] Uh well, first of all, um Uh well, first of all, um I guess like as many of you I've been I guess like as many of you I've been I guess like as many of you I've been using agentic tools like Alpha code using agentic tools like Alpha code using agentic tools like Alpha code adjacent things uh for a while, maybe adjacent things uh for a while, maybe adjacent things uh for a while, maybe over the last year as it came out. And over the last year as it came out. And over the last year as it came out. And it was very good at, you know, chunks of it was very good at, you know, chunks of it was very good at, you know, chunks of code. And sometimes it would mess up and code. And sometimes it would mess up and code. And sometimes it would mess up and you have to edit them, and it was kind you have to edit them, and it was kind you have to edit them, and it was kind of helpful. And then I would say of helpful. And then I would say of helpful. And then I would say December was this uh clear point where December was this uh clear point where December was this uh clear point where for me uh I was on a break, so I had a for me uh I was on a break, so I had a for me uh I was on a break, so I had a bit more time. I think many other people bit more time. I think many other people bit more time. I think many other people were similar. And uh I just start to were similar. And uh I just start to were similar. And uh I just start to notice that with the latest models uh notice that with the latest models uh notice that with the latest models uh the chunks just came out fine. And then the chunks just came out fine. And then the chunks just came out fine. And then I kept asking for more, and just came I kept asking for more, and just came I kept asking for more, and just came out fine. And then I can't remember the out fine. And then I can't remember the out fine. And then I can't remember the last time I corrected it. And then I was last time I corrected it. And then I was last time I corrected it. And then I was I just uh you know, trusted the system

[1:36] I just uh you know, trusted the system I just uh you know, trusted the system more and more. And then I was vibe more and more. And then I was vibe more and more. And then I was vibe coding. coding. coding. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; And uh so it was kind of a &gt;&gt; And uh so it was kind of a &gt;&gt; And uh so it was kind of a I do think that it was a very stark I do think that it was a very stark I do think that it was a very stark transition. I think that a lot of people transition. I think that a lot of people transition. I think that a lot of people actually I tried to I tried to stress actually I tried to I tried to stress actually I tried to I tried to stress this on uh Twitter and or X because I this on uh Twitter and or X because I this on uh Twitter and or X because I think a lot of people experienced AI uh think a lot of people experienced AI uh think a lot of people experienced AI uh last year as ChatGPT adjacent thing, uh last year as ChatGPT adjacent thing, uh last year as ChatGPT adjacent thing, uh but you really had to look again, and but you really had to look again, and but you really had to look again, and you had to look as of December uh you had to look as of December uh you had to look as of December uh because things have changed because things have changed because things have changed fundamentally and uh especially on this fundamentally and uh especially on this fundamentally and uh especially on this like agentic coherent workflow that like agentic coherent workflow that like agentic coherent workflow that really started to actually work. Um and really started to actually work. Um and really started to actually work. Um and so I would say that um

[2:08] so I would say that um so I would say that um yeah, it was just that realization that yeah, it was just that realization that yeah, it was just that realization that really uh really uh really uh had me um go down the whole rabbit hole had me um go down the whole rabbit hole had me um go down the whole rabbit hole of just, you know, infinity side of just, you know, infinity side of just, you know, infinity side project. Uh my side projects folder is project. Uh my side projects folder is project. Uh my side projects folder is like extremely full with lots of random like extremely full with lots of random like extremely full with lots of random things and uh just I've been coding all things and uh just I've been coding all things and uh just I've been coding all the time. Uh so uh yeah, that kind of the time. Uh so uh yeah, that kind of the time. Uh so uh yeah, that kind of happened in December, I would say. happened in December, I would say. happened in December, I would say. And I was looking at the repercussions And I was looking at the repercussions And I was looking at the repercussions of that since. of that since. of that since. Um you've talked a lot about this idea Um you've talked a lot about this idea Um you've talked a lot about this idea of LLMs as a new computer. Um that it of LLMs as a new computer. Um that it of LLMs as a new computer. Um that it isn't just better software, it's a whole isn't just better software, it's a whole isn't just better software, it's a whole new computing paradigm. And um software new computing paradigm. And um software new computing paradigm. And um software 1.0 was explicit rules, software 2.0 was

[2:40] 1.0 was explicit rules, software 2.0 was 1.0 was explicit rules, software 2.0 was learned weights, software 3.0 is this. learned weights, software 3.0 is this. learned weights, software 3.0 is this. Um if that's actually true, what does a Um if that's actually true, what does a Um if that's actually true, what does a team build differently the day they team build differently the day they team build differently the day they actually believe this? actually believe this? actually believe this? Right. So uh yeah, exactly. So software Right. So uh yeah, exactly. So software Right. So uh yeah, exactly. So software 1.0 I'm writing code, software 2.0 I'm 1.0 I'm writing code, software 2.0 I'm 1.0 I'm writing code, software 2.0 I'm actually programming by creating data actually programming by creating data actually programming by creating data sets and training uh training neural sets and training uh training neural sets and training uh training neural networks. So the programming is kind of networks. So the programming is kind of networks. So the programming is kind of like arranging data sets and maybe some like arranging data sets and maybe some like arranging data sets and maybe some objectives and neural network objectives and neural network objectives and neural network architectures. And then what happened is architectures. And then what happened is architectures. And then what happened is that basically if you train one of these that basically if you train one of these that basically if you train one of these GPT models or LLMs on a sufficiently GPT models or LLMs on a sufficiently GPT models or LLMs on a sufficiently large set of tasks implicit basically

[3:12] large set of tasks implicit basically large set of tasks implicit basically implicitly because by training on the implicitly because by training on the implicitly because by training on the internet you have to multitask all the internet you have to multitask all the internet you have to multitask all the things that are in the data set. Uh things that are in the data set. Uh things that are in the data set. Uh these actually become kind of like a these actually become kind of like a these actually become kind of like a programmable computer in a certain programmable computer in a certain programmable computer in a certain sense. So software 3.0 is kind of about sense. So software 3.0 is kind of about sense. So software 3.0 is kind of about uh you know, your programming now turns uh you know, your programming now turns uh you know, your programming now turns to prompting and what's in the context to prompting and what's in the context to prompting and what's in the context window is your lever over the window is your lever over the window is your lever over the interpreter that is the LLM that is kind interpreter that is the LLM that is kind interpreter that is the LLM that is kind of like interpreting your context and uh of like interpreting your context and uh of like interpreting your context and uh performing computation in the digital performing computation in the digital performing computation in the digital digital information space. So I guess um digital information space. So I guess um digital information space. So I guess um yeah, that's kind of the transition and yeah, that's kind of the transition and yeah, that's kind of the transition and I think there's a few examples of that I think there's a few examples of that I think there's a few examples of that really drove it home for me and maybe

[3:42] really drove it home for me and maybe really drove it home for me and maybe that might be instructive. Uh so for that might be instructive. Uh so for that might be instructive. Uh so for example, when you when Open Claw came example, when you when Open Claw came example, when you when Open Claw came out out out when you want to install Open Claw, you when you want to install Open Claw, you when you want to install Open Claw, you would expect that normally this is a would expect that normally this is a would expect that normally this is a bash bash script like a shell script. bash bash script like a shell script. bash bash script like a shell script. So, run the shell script to run uh to So, run the shell script to run uh to So, run the shell script to run uh to install OpenClaw. install OpenClaw. install OpenClaw. Um but the thing is that in order to Um but the thing is that in order to Um but the thing is that in order to target lots of different platforms and target lots of different platforms and target lots of different platforms and lots of different types of computers you lots of different types of computers you lots of different types of computers you might run an OpenClaw, uh this these might run an OpenClaw, uh this these might run an OpenClaw, uh this these shell scripts usually ballooned up and shell scripts usually ballooned up and shell scripts usually ballooned up and become extremely complex. But the thing become extremely complex. But the thing become extremely complex. But the thing is you're still stuck in a software 1.0 is you're still stuck in a software 1.0 is you're still stuck in a software 1.0 universe of wanting to write the code. universe of wanting to write the code. universe of wanting to write the code. And actually the OpenClaw installation And actually the OpenClaw installation And actually the OpenClaw installation is a is a copy-paste of a bunch of text

[4:13] is a is a copy-paste of a bunch of text is a is a copy-paste of a bunch of text that you're supposed to give to your that you're supposed to give to your that you're supposed to give to your agent. Uh so, basically it's it's a agent. Uh so, basically it's it's a agent. Uh so, basically it's it's a little skill of uh you know, copy-paste little skill of uh you know, copy-paste little skill of uh you know, copy-paste this and give it to your agent and it this and give it to your agent and it this and give it to your agent and it will install OpenClaw. And the reason will install OpenClaw. And the reason will install OpenClaw. And the reason this is a lot more powerful is you're this is a lot more powerful is you're this is a lot more powerful is you're working now in the software 3.0 paradigm working now in the software 3.0 paradigm working now in the software 3.0 paradigm where you don't have to precisely uh where you don't have to precisely uh where you don't have to precisely uh spell out, you know, all the individual spell out, you know, all the individual spell out, you know, all the individual details of that setup. The agent has its details of that setup. The agent has its details of that setup. The agent has its own intelligence that it packages up and own intelligence that it packages up and own intelligence that it packages up and then it kind of like follows the then it kind of like follows the then it kind of like follows the instructions and it looks at your instructions and it looks at your instructions and it looks at your environment, your computer, and it kind environment, your computer, and it kind environment, your computer, and it kind of like performs intelligent actions to of like performs intelligent actions to of like performs intelligent actions to make things work and debugs things in make things work and debugs things in make things work and debugs things in the loop. And it's just like so much the loop. And it's just like so much the loop. And it's just like so much more powerful, right? So, I think that's

[4:43] more powerful, right? So, I think that's more powerful, right? So, I think that's a very different kind of like way of a very different kind of like way of a very different kind of like way of thinking about it. It's just like, what thinking about it. It's just like, what thinking about it. It's just like, what is the piece of text to copy-paste to is the piece of text to copy-paste to is the piece of text to copy-paste to your agent? That's the programming your agent? That's the programming your agent? That's the programming paradigm now. I think one more maybe uh paradigm now. I think one more maybe uh paradigm now. I think one more maybe uh example that comes to mind that is even example that comes to mind that is even example that comes to mind that is even more extreme than that is when I was more extreme than that is when I was more extreme than that is when I was building um MenuGen. So, MenuGen is this building um MenuGen. So, MenuGen is this building um MenuGen. So, MenuGen is this idea where idea where idea where you um you come to a restaurant, they you um you come to a restaurant, they you um you come to a restaurant, they give you a menu, there's no pictures give you a menu, there's no pictures give you a menu, there's no pictures usually, so I don't know what any of usually, so I don't know what any of usually, so I don't know what any of these things are. Uh usually I like 30% these things are. Uh usually I like 30% these things are. Uh usually I like 30% of the things I don't have no idea what of the things I don't have no idea what of the things I don't have no idea what they are, 50%. So, I wanted to take a they are, 50%. So, I wanted to take a they are, 50%. So, I wanted to take a photo of the restaurant menu and to get photo of the restaurant menu and to get photo of the restaurant menu and to get pictures of what those things might look

[5:14] pictures of what those things might look pictures of what those things might look like in a generic sense. like in a generic sense. like in a generic sense. And so, I built I built coded this app And so, I built I built coded this app And so, I built I built coded this app that basically lets you upload a photo that basically lets you upload a photo that basically lets you upload a photo and it does all this stuff and it runs and it does all this stuff and it runs and it does all this stuff and it runs on Vercel and uh it basically re-renders on Vercel and uh it basically re-renders on Vercel and uh it basically re-renders the menu and it gives you like all the the menu and it gives you like all the the menu and it gives you like all the items and it gives you a picture that it items and it gives you a picture that it items and it gives you a picture that it uses an image um you know, generator uh uses an image um you know, generator uh uses an image um you know, generator uh for to basically OCR all the different for to basically OCR all the different for to basically OCR all the different titles, uh use the image generator to titles, uh use the image generator to titles, uh use the image generator to get pictures of them and then shows it get pictures of them and then shows it get pictures of them and then shows it to you. to you. to you. And then I saw the software 3.0 version And then I saw the software 3.0 version And then I saw the software 3.0 version of this, which is which blew my mind, of this, which is which blew my mind, of this, which is which blew my mind, which is literally just take your photo, which is literally just take your photo, which is literally just take your photo, give it to Gemini, and say use Nano

[5:46] give it to Gemini, and say use Nano give it to Gemini, and say use Nano Banana to overlay the the things onto Banana to overlay the the things onto Banana to overlay the the things onto the menu." Uh Uh the menu." Uh Uh the menu." Uh Uh and Nana Banana basically returned an and Nana Banana basically returned an and Nana Banana basically returned an image that is exactly the picture of the image that is exactly the picture of the image that is exactly the picture of the menu that I took, but it actually put menu that I took, but it actually put menu that I took, but it actually put into the pixels, it rendered the into the pixels, it rendered the into the pixels, it rendered the different things in the menu. different things in the menu. different things in the menu. And this blew my mind because And this blew my mind because And this blew my mind because actually all of my menu gen is spurious. actually all of my menu gen is spurious. actually all of my menu gen is spurious. It's working in the old paradigm that It's working in the old paradigm that It's working in the old paradigm that app shouldn't exist. Uh and uh yeah, the app shouldn't exist. Uh and uh yeah, the app shouldn't exist. Uh and uh yeah, the software 3.0 paradigm is a lot more kind software 3.0 paradigm is a lot more kind software 3.0 paradigm is a lot more kind of raw. It just um of raw. It just um of raw. It just um your neural network is doing more and your neural network is doing more and your neural network is doing more and more of the work, and your prompt or

[6:16] more of the work, and your prompt or more of the work, and your prompt or context is just the image, and the context is just the image, and the context is just the image, and the output is an image, and there's no need output is an image, and there's no need output is an image, and there's no need to have any of the app in between. to have any of the app in between. to have any of the app in between. Um so, I think that people have to kind Um so, I think that people have to kind Um so, I think that people have to kind of like reframe, of like reframe, of like reframe, you know, not to work in the existing you know, not to work in the existing you know, not to work in the existing paradigm of what things existed and just paradigm of what things existed and just paradigm of what things existed and just think about it as a speed up of what think about it as a speed up of what think about it as a speed up of what exists. exists. exists. It's actually like new things are It's actually like new things are It's actually like new things are available now. available now. available now. And going back to your programming And going back to your programming And going back to your programming question, it's not even I think that's question, it's not even I think that's question, it's not even I think that's also an example of working in the in the also an example of working in the in the also an example of working in the in the old mindset because it's not just about old mindset because it's not just about old mindset because it's not just about programming and programming becoming programming and programming becoming programming and programming becoming faster. This is more general information faster. This is more general information faster. This is more general information processing that is automatable now. So,

[6:47] processing that is automatable now. So, processing that is automatable now. So, um it's not just even about code. So, um it's not just even about code. So, um it's not just even about code. So, previous code worked over a kind of like previous code worked over a kind of like previous code worked over a kind of like structured data, right? And uh you write structured data, right? And uh you write structured data, right? And uh you write code over structured data. But like for code over structured data. But like for code over structured data. But like for example with my LLM knowledge bases example with my LLM knowledge bases example with my LLM knowledge bases project, um project, um project, um uh basically you get LLMs to create uh basically you get LLMs to create uh basically you get LLMs to create wikis for your organization or for you wikis for your organization or for you wikis for your organization or for you in person, etc. This is not even a in person, etc. This is not even a in person, etc. This is not even a program. This is not something that program. This is not something that program. This is not something that could exist before because there was no could exist before because there was no could exist before because there was no there was no code that would create a there was no code that would create a there was no code that would create a knowledge base based on a bunch of knowledge base based on a bunch of knowledge base based on a bunch of facts. But now you can just take these facts. But now you can just take these facts. But now you can just take these documents and documents and documents and uh uh uh basically uh recompile them in a basically uh recompile them in a basically uh recompile them in a different way, and uh reorder them, and different way, and uh reorder them, and different way, and uh reorder them, and create something that is uh new and

[7:17] create something that is uh new and create something that is uh new and interesting uh as a reframing of the interesting uh as a reframing of the interesting uh as a reframing of the data. And so, these are new things that data. And so, these are new things that data. And so, these are new things that weren't possible. Uh and so, I think weren't possible. Uh and so, I think weren't possible. Uh and so, I think this is uh something that I keep trying this is uh something that I keep trying this is uh something that I keep trying to get back to as to not only what can to get back to as to not only what can to get back to as to not only what can we do that existed that is faster now, we do that existed that is faster now, we do that existed that is faster now, but I think there's new opportunities of but I think there's new opportunities of but I think there's new opportunities of just things that couldn't be possible just things that couldn't be possible just things that couldn't be possible before. And I almost think that that's before. And I almost think that that's before. And I almost think that that's more exciting. more exciting. more exciting. I love the menu gen progression and I love the menu gen progression and I love the menu gen progression and dichotomy that you laid out, and I think dichotomy that you laid out, and I think dichotomy that you laid out, and I think even I'm sure many folks here followed even I'm sure many folks here followed even I'm sure many folks here followed your own progression of programming from your own progression of programming from your own progression of programming from last October to early January, February

[7:48] last October to early January, February last October to early January, February this year. If you extrapolate that this year. If you extrapolate that this year. If you extrapolate that further, what is the 2026 equivalent further, what is the 2026 equivalent further, what is the 2026 equivalent for building websites in the '90s, for building websites in the '90s, for building websites in the '90s, building mobile apps in the 2010s, building mobile apps in the 2010s, building mobile apps in the 2010s, building SaaS in the last cloud era? building SaaS in the last cloud era? building SaaS in the last cloud era? What will look completely obvious in What will look completely obvious in What will look completely obvious in hindsight that is still mostly unbuilt hindsight that is still mostly unbuilt hindsight that is still mostly unbuilt today? today? today? Um Um Um &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Well, going with the example of MenuGen, &gt;&gt; Well, going with the example of MenuGen, &gt;&gt; Well, going with the example of MenuGen, I guess. So, a lot of this code I guess. So, a lot of this code I guess. So, a lot of this code shouldn't exist and it's just neural shouldn't exist and it's just neural shouldn't exist and it's just neural networks doing most of the work. networks doing most of the work. networks doing most of the work. Um I do think that the extrapolation Um I do think that the extrapolation Um I do think that the extrapolation looks very weird because you could

[8:19] looks very weird because you could looks very weird because you could basically imagine basically imagine basically imagine I don't think I Yeah, so you could I don't think I Yeah, so you could I don't think I Yeah, so you could imagine completely neural computers in a imagine completely neural computers in a imagine completely neural computers in a certain sense. Uh you feed a raw videos certain sense. Uh you feed a raw videos certain sense. Uh you feed a raw videos like imagine a device that takes raw like imagine a device that takes raw like imagine a device that takes raw videos or audio into basically what's a videos or audio into basically what's a videos or audio into basically what's a neural net and uses diffusion to render neural net and uses diffusion to render neural net and uses diffusion to render a UI that is kind of like, you know, a UI that is kind of like, you know, a UI that is kind of like, you know, unique for that moment in a certain unique for that moment in a certain unique for that moment in a certain sense. And um sense. And um sense. And um I kind of feel like in the early days of I kind of feel like in the early days of I kind of feel like in the early days of computing actually, people were a little computing actually, people were a little computing actually, people were a little bit confused as to whether computers bit confused as to whether computers bit confused as to whether computers would look like calculators or computers would look like calculators or computers would look like calculators or computers would look like neural nets. And in '50s would look like neural nets. And in '50s would look like neural nets. And in '50s and '60s, it was not really obvious

[8:49] and '60s, it was not really obvious and '60s, it was not really obvious which way would go. And of course, we which way would go. And of course, we which way would go. And of course, we went down the calculator path and ended went down the calculator path and ended went down the calculator path and ended up building classical computing and then up building classical computing and then up building classical computing and then neural nets are currently running neural nets are currently running neural nets are currently running virtualized on existing computers. But virtualized on existing computers. But virtualized on existing computers. But you could imagine I think that a lot of you could imagine I think that a lot of you could imagine I think that a lot of this will flip and that the neural net this will flip and that the neural net this will flip and that the neural net becomes kind of like the host process. becomes kind of like the host process. becomes kind of like the host process. And the CPUs become kind of like the And the CPUs become kind of like the And the CPUs become kind of like the co-processor. So, we saw the diagram of, co-processor. So, we saw the diagram of, co-processor. So, we saw the diagram of, you know, intelligence compute is going you know, intelligence compute is going you know, intelligence compute is going to neural networks is going to take over to neural networks is going to take over to neural networks is going to take over and become the dominant spend of flops. and become the dominant spend of flops. and become the dominant spend of flops. So, you could imagine something really So, you could imagine something really So, you could imagine something really weird and foreign when where neural nets weird and foreign when where neural nets weird and foreign when where neural nets are doing most of the heavy lifting,

[9:19] are doing most of the heavy lifting, are doing most of the heavy lifting, they're using tool use as just like, you they're using tool use as just like, you they're using tool use as just like, you know, know, know, historical appendage for some kinds of historical appendage for some kinds of historical appendage for some kinds of like deterministic tasks. But what's like deterministic tasks. But what's like deterministic tasks. But what's really running the show is these really running the show is these really running the show is these neural nets that are networked in a neural nets that are networked in a neural nets that are networked in a certain way. Um so, you can imagine certain way. Um so, you can imagine certain way. Um so, you can imagine something extremely foreign as the something extremely foreign as the something extremely foreign as the extrapolation, but I think we're going extrapolation, but I think we're going extrapolation, but I think we're going to probably get there sort of piece by to probably get there sort of piece by to probably get there sort of piece by piece. piece. piece. And I don't Yeah, I don't that that And I don't Yeah, I don't that that And I don't Yeah, I don't that that progression is TBD, I would say. progression is TBD, I would say. progression is TBD, I would say. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; I'd love to talk a little bit about um, &gt;&gt; I'd love to talk a little bit about um, &gt;&gt; I'd love to talk a little bit about um, uh, this concept of verifiability. The uh, this concept of verifiability. The uh, this concept of verifiability. The fact that AI will automate faster and fact that AI will automate faster and fact that AI will automate faster and more easily domains where the output can

[9:49] more easily domains where the output can more easily domains where the output can be verified. be verified. be verified. Um, if that framework is right, what Um, if that framework is right, what Um, if that framework is right, what work is about to move much faster than work is about to move much faster than work is about to move much faster than people realize? And what professions do people realize? And what professions do people realize? And what professions do we have that people actually think are we have that people actually think are we have that people actually think are safe, but they're actually highly safe, but they're actually highly safe, but they're actually highly verifiable? verifiable? verifiable? Uh, yes, so I I spent uh, some time Uh, yes, so I I spent uh, some time Uh, yes, so I I spent uh, some time writing about verifiability and um, writing about verifiability and um, writing about verifiability and um, basically like traditional computers can basically like traditional computers can basically like traditional computers can easily automate what you can specify easily automate what you can specify easily automate what you can specify in code. And uh, in code. And uh, in code. And uh, kind of this latest round of LLMs can kind of this latest round of LLMs can kind of this latest round of LLMs can easily automate what you can uh, verify easily automate what you can uh, verify easily automate what you can uh, verify in a certain in a certain sense. Uh,

[10:19] in a certain in a certain sense. Uh, in a certain in a certain sense. Uh, because the way this works is that when because the way this works is that when because the way this works is that when frontier labs are training these LLMs, frontier labs are training these LLMs, frontier labs are training these LLMs, these are giant reinforcement learning these are giant reinforcement learning these are giant reinforcement learning environments. So, they are given a environments. So, they are given a environments. So, they are given a verification rewards. And then because verification rewards. And then because verification rewards. And then because of the way that these models are of the way that these models are of the way that these models are trained, they end up basically uh, trained, they end up basically uh, trained, they end up basically uh, progressing and creating these like progressing and creating these like progressing and creating these like jagged entities that really peak in jagged entities that really peak in jagged entities that really peak in capability in kind of like verifiable capability in kind of like verifiable capability in kind of like verifiable domains like math and code and adjacent. domains like math and code and adjacent. domains like math and code and adjacent. And kind of like stagnate and are a And kind of like stagnate and are a And kind of like stagnate and are a little bit um, little bit um, little bit um, you know, rougher on the edges when uh, you know, rougher on the edges when uh, you know, rougher on the edges when uh, things are not kind of like in that in things are not kind of like in that in things are not kind of like in that in that space. So, I think the reason I that space. So, I think the reason I that space. So, I think the reason I wrote about verifiability is I'm trying wrote about verifiability is I'm trying wrote about verifiability is I'm trying to understand why these things are so

[10:49] to understand why these things are so to understand why these things are so jagged. jagged. jagged. Um, and some of it has to do with how Um, and some of it has to do with how Um, and some of it has to do with how the labs train the models, but I think the labs train the models, but I think the labs train the models, but I think some of it also has to do with um, the some of it also has to do with um, the some of it also has to do with um, the focus of the labs and what they happen focus of the labs and what they happen focus of the labs and what they happen to put into the data distribution. Uh, to put into the data distribution. Uh, to put into the data distribution. Uh, because some things basically are because some things basically are because some things basically are significantly more valuable in economy significantly more valuable in economy significantly more valuable in economy and end up creating more environments and end up creating more environments and end up creating more environments because the labs wanted to work in those because the labs wanted to work in those because the labs wanted to work in those settings. So, I think code is a good settings. So, I think code is a good settings. So, I think code is a good example of that. There's probably lots example of that. There's probably lots example of that. There's probably lots of verifiable environments they could of verifiable environments they could of verifiable environments they could think about that happen not to make it think about that happen not to make it think about that happen not to make it into the mix because they're just not into the mix because they're just not into the mix because they're just not that useful to have the capability that useful to have the capability that useful to have the capability around. around. around. Um, Um, Um, but I think to me the big um, I guess but I think to me the big um, I guess but I think to me the big um, I guess like the big mystery is uh,

[11:20] like the big mystery is uh, like the big mystery is uh, the favorite example for a while was the favorite example for a while was the favorite example for a while was that how many letters are are in a that how many letters are are in a that how many letters are are in a strawberry? And the models would strawberry? And the models would strawberry? And the models would famously get this wrong and it's an famously get this wrong and it's an famously get this wrong and it's an example of jaggedness. Uh, the models example of jaggedness. Uh, the models example of jaggedness. Uh, the models now patch this, I think, but the new one now patch this, I think, but the new one now patch this, I think, but the new one is I want to go to a car wash to wash my is I want to go to a car wash to wash my is I want to go to a car wash to wash my car, and it's 50 m away, should I drive car, and it's 50 m away, should I drive car, and it's 50 m away, should I drive or should I walk? And state-of-the-art or should I walk? And state-of-the-art or should I walk? And state-of-the-art models today will tell you to walk models today will tell you to walk models today will tell you to walk because it's so close. How is it because it's so close. How is it because it's so close. How is it possible that state-of-the-art Opus 4.7 possible that state-of-the-art Opus 4.7 possible that state-of-the-art Opus 4.7 will simultaneously refactor a 100,000 will simultaneously refactor a 100,000 will simultaneously refactor a 100,000 like like like &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; code base a line code base or find &gt;&gt; code base a line code base or find &gt;&gt; code base a line code base or find zero-day vulnerabilities and yet tells

[11:51] zero-day vulnerabilities and yet tells zero-day vulnerabilities and yet tells me to walk to this car wash? This is me to walk to this car wash? This is me to walk to this car wash? This is insane. And to whatever extent these insane. And to whatever extent these insane. And to whatever extent these models are remain jagged, it's an models are remain jagged, it's an models are remain jagged, it's an indication that number one, maybe indication that number one, maybe indication that number one, maybe something slightly off. something slightly off. something slightly off. Or Or Or number two, you need to actually number two, you need to actually number two, you need to actually be in the loop a little bit and you need be in the loop a little bit and you need be in the loop a little bit and you need to treat them as tools and you do have to treat them as tools and you do have to treat them as tools and you do have to kind of stay in touch with what to kind of stay in touch with what to kind of stay in touch with what they're doing. And so I think all of my they're doing. And so I think all of my they're doing. And so I think all of my writing, long story short, about writing, long story short, about writing, long story short, about verifiability is just trying to verifiability is just trying to verifiability is just trying to understand um understand um understand um why these things are jagged, is there why these things are jagged, is there why these things are jagged, is there any pattern to it? And I think it's a any pattern to it? And I think it's a any pattern to it? And I think it's a some kind of combination of verifiable

[12:23] some kind of combination of verifiable some kind of combination of verifiable plus labs care. Maybe one more anecdote plus labs care. Maybe one more anecdote plus labs care. Maybe one more anecdote that is instructive that is instructive that is instructive is is is from GPT-3.5 to GPT-4, people noticed from GPT-3.5 to GPT-4, people noticed from GPT-3.5 to GPT-4, people noticed that chess improved a lot and I think a that chess improved a lot and I think a that chess improved a lot and I think a lot of people thought, oh well, it's lot of people thought, oh well, it's lot of people thought, oh well, it's just a progression of the capabilities. just a progression of the capabilities. just a progression of the capabilities. But actually it's it's more that I think But actually it's it's more that I think But actually it's it's more that I think this is public information, I think I this is public information, I think I this is public information, I think I saw it on the internet. Um a huge amount saw it on the internet. Um a huge amount saw it on the internet. Um a huge amount of like of like of like data of chess made it into the data of chess made it into the data of chess made it into the pre-training set. pre-training set. pre-training set. And just because it's in the data And just because it's in the data And just because it's in the data distribution, basically the model distribution, basically the model distribution, basically the model improved a lot more than it would just improved a lot more than it would just improved a lot more than it would just by default. by default. by default. So someone at OpenAI decided to add this

[12:53] So someone at OpenAI decided to add this So someone at OpenAI decided to add this data and now you have a capability that data and now you have a capability that data and now you have a capability that just peaked a lot more. And so that's just peaked a lot more. And so that's just peaked a lot more. And so that's why I think I'm stressing this why I think I'm stressing this why I think I'm stressing this dimension of it as we are slightly at dimension of it as we are slightly at dimension of it as we are slightly at the mercy of whatever the labs are the mercy of whatever the labs are the mercy of whatever the labs are doing, whatever they happen to put into doing, whatever they happen to put into doing, whatever they happen to put into the mix and you have to actually explore the mix and you have to actually explore the mix and you have to actually explore this thing that they give you that has this thing that they give you that has this thing that they give you that has no manual and it works in certain no manual and it works in certain no manual and it works in certain settings but maybe not in some settings settings but maybe not in some settings settings but maybe not in some settings and you have to kind of explore it a and you have to kind of explore it a and you have to kind of explore it a little bit and if you're in the circuits little bit and if you're in the circuits little bit and if you're in the circuits that were part of the RL, you fly and if that were part of the RL, you fly and if that were part of the RL, you fly and if you're in the circuits that are out of you're in the circuits that are out of you're in the circuits that are out of the data distribution, you're going to the data distribution, you're going to the data distribution, you're going to struggle and you have to kind of figure

[13:24] struggle and you have to kind of figure struggle and you have to kind of figure out which which circuits you're in in out which which circuits you're in in out which which circuits you're in in your application. And if you and if your application. And if you and if your application. And if you and if you're not in the circuits, then you you're not in the circuits, then you you're not in the circuits, then you have to really look at fine-tuning and have to really look at fine-tuning and have to really look at fine-tuning and doing some of your own work because it's doing some of your own work because it's doing some of your own work because it's not going to necessarily come out of the not going to necessarily come out of the not going to necessarily come out of the LLM out of the box. LLM out of the box. LLM out of the box. I'd love to come back to the concept of I'd love to come back to the concept of I'd love to come back to the concept of jagged intelligence in a little bit. Um jagged intelligence in a little bit. Um jagged intelligence in a little bit. Um if you were a founder today and thinking if you were a founder today and thinking if you were a founder today and thinking about building a company, you are trying about building a company, you are trying about building a company, you are trying to solve a problem that you think is to solve a problem that you think is to solve a problem that you think is tractable, something that uh is a domain tractable, something that uh is a domain tractable, something that uh is a domain that is verifiable, but you look around that is verifiable, but you look around that is verifiable, but you look around and you think, "Oh my gosh, well the and you think, "Oh my gosh, well the and you think, "Oh my gosh, well the labs have really really started uh

[13:56] labs have really really started uh labs have really really started uh got getting to escape velocity and the got getting to escape velocity and the got getting to escape velocity and the ones that seem most obvious, math, ones that seem most obvious, math, ones that seem most obvious, math, coding, and others." What would your coding, and others." What would your coding, and others." What would your advice be to to the founders in the advice be to to the founders in the advice be to to the founders in the audience? audience? audience? Um So, I think maybe that comes to the So, I think maybe that comes to the previous question of I do think that previous question of I do think that previous question of I do think that verifiability because it um verifiability because it um verifiability because it um Let me think. So, verifiability makes Let me think. So, verifiability makes Let me think. So, verifiability makes something tractable in the current something tractable in the current something tractable in the current paradigm because you can throw huge paradigm because you can throw huge paradigm because you can throw huge amount of RL at it. Um amount of RL at it. Um amount of RL at it. Um So, maybe one way to see it is that uh So, maybe one way to see it is that uh So, maybe one way to see it is that uh that remains true even if the labs are

[14:26] that remains true even if the labs are that remains true even if the labs are not focusing on it directly. So, if you not focusing on it directly. So, if you not focusing on it directly. So, if you are in a a verifiable setting where you are in a a verifiable setting where you are in a a verifiable setting where you could create these RL environments or could create these RL environments or could create these RL environments or examples, then that actually sets you up examples, then that actually sets you up examples, then that actually sets you up to potentially do your own fine-tuning to potentially do your own fine-tuning to potentially do your own fine-tuning and you might benefit from that. But, and you might benefit from that. But, and you might benefit from that. But, that is fundamentally technology that that is fundamentally technology that that is fundamentally technology that just works. You can pull a lever. If you just works. You can pull a lever. If you just works. You can pull a lever. If you have huge amount of diverse data sets of have huge amount of diverse data sets of have huge amount of diverse data sets of RL environments, etc., uh you can use RL environments, etc., uh you can use RL environments, etc., uh you can use your favorite fine-tuning framework and your favorite fine-tuning framework and your favorite fine-tuning framework and um and uh um and uh um and uh pull the lever and get something that pull the lever and get something that pull the lever and get something that actually uh works pretty well. So, um actually uh works pretty well. So, um actually uh works pretty well. So, um I don't know what the examples of this I don't know what the examples of this I don't know what the examples of this might be. Um might be. Um might be. Um but I do think there are some very but I do think there are some very but I do think there are some very valuable uh reinforcement learning

[14:57] valuable uh reinforcement learning valuable uh reinforcement learning environments that people could think of environments that people could think of environments that people could think of that I think are not part of the that I think are not part of the that I think are not part of the Yeah, I don't want to give away the Yeah, I don't want to give away the Yeah, I don't want to give away the answer, but there is one domain that I answer, but there is one domain that I answer, but there is one domain that I think is very uh Oh, okay. Sorry. I think is very uh Oh, okay. Sorry. I think is very uh Oh, okay. Sorry. I don't mean to vague post on on the don't mean to vague post on on the don't mean to vague post on on the stage, but stage, but stage, but uh there are some examples of this. On uh there are some examples of this. On uh there are some examples of this. On the flip side, what do you think still the flip side, what do you think still the flip side, what do you think still feels automatable only from a distance? feels automatable only from a distance? feels automatable only from a distance? I do think that ultimately almost I do think that ultimately almost I do think that ultimately almost everything can be made uh verifiable to everything can be made uh verifiable to everything can be made uh verifiable to some extent, some things easier than some extent, some things easier than some extent, some things easier than others. Um others. Um others. Um because even for like things that are because even for like things that are because even for like things that are like writing or so on, you can imagine like writing or so on, you can imagine like writing or so on, you can imagine having a council of LLM judges and

[15:27] having a council of LLM judges and having a council of LLM judges and probably get get to some get something probably get get to some get something probably get get to some get something reasonable out of the reasonable out of the reasonable out of the from from this kind of an approach. So, from from this kind of an approach. So, from from this kind of an approach. So, it's more about what's easy or hard. it's more about what's easy or hard. it's more about what's easy or hard. Um Um Um So, I I do think that ultimately um So, I I do think that ultimately um So, I I do think that ultimately um Uh yeah, I think uh Uh yeah, I think uh Uh yeah, I think uh Everything. Everything. Everything. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Everything is automatable. &gt;&gt; Everything is automatable. &gt;&gt; Everything is automatable. Amazing. Okay. Um so, last year you Amazing. Okay. Um so, last year you Amazing. Okay. Um so, last year you coined the term vibe coding and today coined the term vibe coding and today coined the term vibe coding and today we're in a world that feels a little bit we're in a world that feels a little bit we're in a world that feels a little bit more serious, more agentic engineering. more serious, more agentic engineering. more serious, more agentic engineering. What do you think is the difference What do you think is the difference What do you think is the difference between the two and what would you between the two and what would you between the two and what would you actually call what we're in today?

[15:57] actually call what we're in today? actually call what we're in today? Uh yeah, so I would say vibe coding is Uh yeah, so I would say vibe coding is Uh yeah, so I would say vibe coding is about raising the floor for everyone in about raising the floor for everyone in about raising the floor for everyone in terms of what they can do in software. terms of what they can do in software. terms of what they can do in software. So, the floor rises, everyone can vibe So, the floor rises, everyone can vibe So, the floor rises, everyone can vibe code anything, and that's amazing, code anything, and that's amazing, code anything, and that's amazing, incredible. But then I would say agentic incredible. But then I would say agentic incredible. But then I would say agentic engineering is about preserving the engineering is about preserving the engineering is about preserving the quality bar of what existed before in quality bar of what existed before in quality bar of what existed before in professional software. So, you're not professional software. So, you're not professional software. So, you're not allowed to introduce uh vulnerabilities allowed to introduce uh vulnerabilities allowed to introduce uh vulnerabilities due to vibe coding. Um you are um you're due to vibe coding. Um you are um you're due to vibe coding. Um you are um you're still responsible for your software just still responsible for your software just still responsible for your software just as before, but can you go faster? And as before, but can you go faster? And as before, but can you go faster? And spoiler is you can, but how do you how spoiler is you can, but how do you how spoiler is you can, but how do you how do you do that properly? And so, to me do you do that properly? And so, to me do you do that properly? And so, to me agentic engineering when I I call it

[16:27] agentic engineering when I I call it agentic engineering when I I call it that because I do think it's kind of that because I do think it's kind of that because I do think it's kind of like an engineering discipline. You have like an engineering discipline. You have like an engineering discipline. You have these agents which are these like spiky these agents which are these like spiky these agents which are these like spiky entities, they're a bit fallible, a entities, they're a bit fallible, a entities, they're a bit fallible, a little bit stochastic, but they are little bit stochastic, but they are little bit stochastic, but they are extremely powerful. And it's how do you extremely powerful. And it's how do you extremely powerful. And it's how do you how do you coordinate them to go faster how do you coordinate them to go faster how do you coordinate them to go faster without sacrificing your quality bar? without sacrificing your quality bar? without sacrificing your quality bar? And doing that well and correctly um is And doing that well and correctly um is And doing that well and correctly um is the the realm of agentic engineering. the the realm of agentic engineering. the the realm of agentic engineering. Um so, I kind of see them as as Um so, I kind of see them as as Um so, I kind of see them as as different. Like one is about maybe different. Like one is about maybe different. Like one is about maybe raising the raising the floor, and the raising the raising the floor, and the raising the raising the floor, and the other is about um you know, other is about um you know, other is about um you know, extrapolating. And what I'm seeing I extrapolating. And what I'm seeing I extrapolating. And what I'm seeing I think is think is think is there is a very high ceiling on agent

[16:58] there is a very high ceiling on agent there is a very high ceiling on agent engineer uh capability. And you know, engineer uh capability. And you know, engineer uh capability. And you know, people used to talk about the 10x people used to talk about the 10x people used to talk about the 10x engineer previously. I think that this engineer previously. I think that this engineer previously. I think that this is uh magnified a lot more. Uh 10x is uh is uh magnified a lot more. Uh 10x is uh is uh magnified a lot more. Uh 10x is uh is not uh the speed up you gain. Um is not uh the speed up you gain. Um is not uh the speed up you gain. Um and I think uh it does seem to me like and I think uh it does seem to me like and I think uh it does seem to me like people who are very good at this um people who are very good at this um people who are very good at this um peak a lot more than 10x uh from from my peak a lot more than 10x uh from from my peak a lot more than 10x uh from from my perspective right now. I really like perspective right now. I really like perspective right now. I really like that framing. Um that framing. Um that framing. Um one thing that when Sam Altman came to one thing that when Sam Altman came to one thing that when Sam Altman came to AI sent last year, one memorable thing AI sent last year, one memorable thing AI sent last year, one memorable thing he said was that people of different he said was that people of different he said was that people of different generations use ChatGPT differently. So,

[17:28] generations use ChatGPT differently. So, generations use ChatGPT differently. So, if you're in your 30s, you use it as a if you're in your 30s, you use it as a if you're in your 30s, you use it as a Google search replacement, but if you're Google search replacement, but if you're Google search replacement, but if you're in your teens, ChatGPT is your gateway in your teens, ChatGPT is your gateway in your teens, ChatGPT is your gateway to the internet. What is the parallel to the internet. What is the parallel to the internet. What is the parallel here in coding today? If we were to here in coding today? If we were to here in coding today? If we were to watch two people code using open claw, watch two people code using open claw, watch two people code using open claw, cloud code, codex, one you'd consider cloud code, codex, one you'd consider cloud code, codex, one you'd consider mediocre at it and one you would mediocre at it and one you would mediocre at it and one you would consider fully AI native, how would you consider fully AI native, how would you consider fully AI native, how would you describe the difference? describe the difference? describe the difference? I [clears throat] mean, I think it's I [clears throat] mean, I think it's I [clears throat] mean, I think it's just trying to get the most out of the just trying to get the most out of the just trying to get the most out of the tools that are available, utilizing all tools that are available, utilizing all tools that are available, utilizing all of their features, investing into your

[17:58] of their features, investing into your of their features, investing into your own own own kind of setup. So, just like previously, kind of setup. So, just like previously, kind of setup. So, just like previously, all the engineers are used to basically all the engineers are used to basically all the engineers are used to basically getting the most out of the tools you getting the most out of the tools you getting the most out of the tools you use, either it's Vim or VS Code or now use, either it's Vim or VS Code or now use, either it's Vim or VS Code or now it's you know, cloud code or codex or so it's you know, cloud code or codex or so it's you know, cloud code or codex or so on. So, um on. So, um on. So, um just investing into your setup just investing into your setup just investing into your setup and and and utilizing a lot of the, you know, tools utilizing a lot of the, you know, tools utilizing a lot of the, you know, tools that are available to you. that are available to you. that are available to you. Um and I think it just kind of looks Um and I think it just kind of looks Um and I think it just kind of looks like that. I do think that like that. I do think that like that. I do think that maybe related thought is maybe related thought is maybe related thought is um um um a lot of people are maybe hiring

[18:28] a lot of people are maybe hiring a lot of people are maybe hiring for this, right? Because they want to for this, right? Because they want to for this, right? Because they want to hire strong agentic engineers. I do hire strong agentic engineers. I do hire strong agentic engineers. I do think that think that think that what I'm seeing is that what I'm seeing is that what I'm seeing is that the, you know, most people are still not the, you know, most people are still not the, you know, most people are still not refactored their refactored their refactored their their hiring process for agentic their hiring process for agentic their hiring process for agentic engineer capability, right? Like if engineer capability, right? Like if engineer capability, right? Like if you're giving out puzzles to solve, then you're giving out puzzles to solve, then you're giving out puzzles to solve, then this is still the old paradigm. I would this is still the old paradigm. I would this is still the old paradigm. I would say that hiring have to has to look like say that hiring have to has to look like say that hiring have to has to look like give me a really big project and see give me a really big project and see give me a really big project and see someone implement that big project. Like someone implement that big project. Like someone implement that big project. Like let's write, say a Twitter clone let's write, say a Twitter clone let's write, say a Twitter clone for agents and then make it really good,

[18:58] for agents and then make it really good, for agents and then make it really good, make it really secure, and then have make it really secure, and then have make it really secure, and then have some agents simulate some activity on some agents simulate some activity on some agents simulate some activity on this Twitter. And then I'm going to use this Twitter. And then I'm going to use this Twitter. And then I'm going to use 10 10 10 codex 5.4 x high to try to break your codex 5.4 x high to try to break your codex 5.4 x high to try to break your break your break your break your this website that you deployed and this website that you deployed and this website that you deployed and they're going to try to basically break they're going to try to basically break they're going to try to basically break it and they should not be able to break it and they should not be able to break it and they should not be able to break it. And so maybe it looks like that, it. And so maybe it looks like that, it. And so maybe it looks like that, right? And so yeah, watching people in right? And so yeah, watching people in right? And so yeah, watching people in that that setting and building some that that setting and building some that that setting and building some bigger projects and bigger projects and bigger projects and utilize utilizing the tooling is maybe utilize utilizing the tooling is maybe utilize utilizing the tooling is maybe what I would look at for the most part.

[19:29] what I would look at for the most part. what I would look at for the most part. And as agents do more, what human skill And as agents do more, what human skill And as agents do more, what human skill do you think becomes more valuable, not do you think becomes more valuable, not do you think becomes more valuable, not less? less? less? Also, yeah, it's a good question. I Also, yeah, it's a good question. I Also, yeah, it's a good question. I think um think um think um Well, right now the answer is that the Well, right now the answer is that the Well, right now the answer is that the agents are catalog these internal agents are catalog these internal agents are catalog these internal entities, right? So entities, right? So entities, right? So it's remarkable it's remarkable it's remarkable um um um you basically still have to be in charge you basically still have to be in charge you basically still have to be in charge of the aesthetics, the the judgment, the of the aesthetics, the the judgment, the of the aesthetics, the the judgment, the taste, and a little bit of oversight. taste, and a little bit of oversight. taste, and a little bit of oversight. And maybe one one of my favorite And maybe one one of my favorite And maybe one one of my favorite examples of like the the weirdness of examples of like the the weirdness of examples of like the the weirdness of agents is um agents is um agents is um for menu gen, you sign up with a Google for menu gen, you sign up with a Google for menu gen, you sign up with a Google Google account, but you

[20:00] Google account, but you Google account, but you purchase credits using a Stripe account purchase credits using a Stripe account purchase credits using a Stripe account and both of them have email addresses. and both of them have email addresses. and both of them have email addresses. And my agent actually tries to basically And my agent actually tries to basically And my agent actually tries to basically um um um like when you purchase credits, it like when you purchase credits, it like when you purchase credits, it assigned it using the email address from assigned it using the email address from assigned it using the email address from Stripe to the Google email address. Like Stripe to the Google email address. Like Stripe to the Google email address. Like there wasn't a persistent user ID that there wasn't a persistent user ID that there wasn't a persistent user ID that that for people. It was trying to match that for people. It was trying to match that for people. It was trying to match up the email addresses, but you could up the email addresses, but you could up the email addresses, but you could use different email address for your use different email address for your use different email address for your Stripe and your Google and basically Stripe and your Google and basically Stripe and your Google and basically would not associate the funds. And so would not associate the funds. And so would not associate the funds. And so this is the kind of thing that these this is the kind of thing that these this is the kind of thing that these agents still will make mistakes about.

[20:30] agents still will make mistakes about. agents still will make mistakes about. It's like why would you use email It's like why would you use email It's like why would you use email addresses to try to cross-correlate the addresses to try to cross-correlate the addresses to try to cross-correlate the funds? They can be arbitrary. You can funds? They can be arbitrary. You can funds? They can be arbitrary. You can use different emails, etc. Like this is use different emails, etc. Like this is use different emails, etc. Like this is such a weird thing to do. So I think such a weird thing to do. So I think such a weird thing to do. So I think people have to be in charge of this people have to be in charge of this people have to be in charge of this spec, this plan, and spec, this plan, and spec, this plan, and actually don't even like the plan mode. actually don't even like the plan mode. actually don't even like the plan mode. I would I would I would I mean, obviously it's very useful, but I mean, obviously it's very useful, but I mean, obviously it's very useful, but I think there's something more general I think there's something more general I think there's something more general here where you have to work with your here where you have to work with your here where you have to work with your agent to design a spec that is very agent to design a spec that is very agent to design a spec that is very detailed and maybe it's a maybe detailed and maybe it's a maybe detailed and maybe it's a maybe basically the docs and then get the basically the docs and then get the basically the docs and then get the agents to write them. And you're in agents to write them. And you're in agents to write them. And you're in charge of the oversight and the charge of the oversight and the charge of the oversight and the top-level categories, but the agents are

[21:00] top-level categories, but the agents are top-level categories, but the agents are doing a lot of the under the hood. And doing a lot of the under the hood. And doing a lot of the under the hood. And so I think you're not caring about some so I think you're not caring about some so I think you're not caring about some of the details. So as an example also of the details. So as an example also of the details. So as an example also with um, a race or tensors in neural with um, a race or tensors in neural with um, a race or tensors in neural networks, um, there's a ton of details networks, um, there's a ton of details networks, um, there's a ton of details between PyTorch and NumPy and all the between PyTorch and NumPy and all the between PyTorch and NumPy and all the different like pandas and so on for all different like pandas and so on for all different like pandas and so on for all the different little API details. And the different little API details. And the different little API details. And I'll I already forgot about the keep I'll I already forgot about the keep I'll I already forgot about the keep dims versus keep dim or whether it's dim dims versus keep dim or whether it's dim dims versus keep dim or whether it's dim or axis or reshape or permute or or axis or reshape or permute or or axis or reshape or permute or transpose. I don't remember this stuff transpose. I don't remember this stuff transpose. I don't remember this stuff anymore, right? Because you don't have anymore, right? Because you don't have anymore, right? Because you don't have to. This is the kind of details that are to. This is the kind of details that are to. This is the kind of details that are handled by the intern because they have handled by the intern because they have handled by the intern because they have very good recall. And but you still have very good recall. And but you still have very good recall. And but you still have to know for example that um, you know,

[21:31] to know for example that um, you know, to know for example that um, you know, there's underlying tensor, there's an there's underlying tensor, there's an there's underlying tensor, there's an underlying view and then you can view of underlying view and then you can view of underlying view and then you can view of the same storage or you can have the same storage or you can have the same storage or you can have different storage which will be less different storage which will be less different storage which will be less efficient. As we still have to have an efficient. As we still have to have an efficient. As we still have to have an understanding of what this stuff is understanding of what this stuff is understanding of what this stuff is doing and some of the fundamentals doing and some of the fundamentals doing and some of the fundamentals um, um, um, so that you're not copying memory around so that you're not copying memory around so that you're not copying memory around unnecessarily and so on. But uh, the unnecessarily and so on. But uh, the unnecessarily and so on. But uh, the details of the APIs are now handed off. details of the APIs are now handed off. details of the APIs are now handed off. So it um, you're in charge of the taste, So it um, you're in charge of the taste, So it um, you're in charge of the taste, the engineering, the design uh, and that the engineering, the design uh, and that the engineering, the design uh, and that it makes sense and that you're asking it makes sense and that you're asking it makes sense and that you're asking for the right things and that you're for the right things and that you're for the right things and that you're saying that okay, that these have to be saying that okay, that these have to be saying that okay, that these have to be unique user IDs that we're going to tie

[22:01] unique user IDs that we're going to tie unique user IDs that we're going to tie everything to. Um, everything to. Um, everything to. Um, and so you're doing some of the and so you're doing some of the and so you're doing some of the design and development and the engineers design and development and the engineers design and development and the engineers are doing the fill in the blanks. And are doing the fill in the blanks. And are doing the fill in the blanks. And that's currently kind of like where we that's currently kind of like where we that's currently kind of like where we are and I think that's what everyone of are and I think that's what everyone of are and I think that's what everyone of course is seeing I think right now. Do course is seeing I think right now. Do course is seeing I think right now. Do you think there's a chance that this um, you think there's a chance that this um, you think there's a chance that this um, taste and judgment matters less over taste and judgment matters less over taste and judgment matters less over time or will the ceiling just keep time or will the ceiling just keep time or will the ceiling just keep rising? rising? rising? Um, yeah, it's a good question. I would Um, yeah, it's a good question. I would Um, yeah, it's a good question. I would say um, um, I mean I'm hoping that the that it I mean I'm hoping that the that it I mean I'm hoping that the that it improves. I think probably the reason it improves. I think probably the reason it improves. I think probably the reason it doesn't improve right now is again it's

[22:31] doesn't improve right now is again it's doesn't improve right now is again it's not part of the RL. There's probably no not part of the RL. There's probably no not part of the RL. There's probably no aesthetics cost or reward or it's not aesthetics cost or reward or it's not aesthetics cost or reward or it's not good enough or something like that. Um, good enough or something like that. Um, good enough or something like that. Um, I do think that when you actually look I do think that when you actually look I do think that when you actually look at the code, sometimes I get a little at the code, sometimes I get a little at the code, sometimes I get a little bit of a heart attack because it's not bit of a heart attack because it's not bit of a heart attack because it's not like super amazing code necessarily all like super amazing code necessarily all like super amazing code necessarily all the time and it's very bloated and the time and it's very bloated and the time and it's very bloated and there's a lot of copy-paste and there's there's a lot of copy-paste and there's there's a lot of copy-paste and there's awkward abstractions that are brittle awkward abstractions that are brittle awkward abstractions that are brittle and like it works but it's just really and like it works but it's just really and like it works but it's just really gross. Um, gross. Um, gross. Um, and I do I do hope that this can improve and I do I do hope that this can improve and I do I do hope that this can improve in future models. Um, a good example in future models. Um, a good example in future models. Um, a good example also is this uh, you know, the micro GPT also is this uh, you know, the micro GPT also is this uh, you know, the micro GPT project uh, which where I was trying to

[23:01] project uh, which where I was trying to project uh, which where I was trying to simplify uh LLM training to be as simple simplify uh LLM training to be as simple simplify uh LLM training to be as simple as possible. The models hate this. They as possible. The models hate this. They as possible. The models hate this. They can't do it. I tried to I keep I kept can't do it. I tried to I keep I kept can't do it. I tried to I keep I kept trying to prompt an LLM to simplify trying to prompt an LLM to simplify trying to prompt an LLM to simplify more, simplify more, and it just can't more, simplify more, and it just can't more, simplify more, and it just can't You feel like you're outside of the RL You feel like you're outside of the RL You feel like you're outside of the RL circuits. It feels like it you're circuits. It feels like it you're circuits. It feels like it you're obviously, you know, you're pulling obviously, you know, you're pulling obviously, you know, you're pulling teeth. It's not like light speed. teeth. It's not like light speed. teeth. It's not like light speed. So, I think um So, I think um So, I think um I do think that people are still remain I do think that people are still remain I do think that people are still remain in charge of this, but I do think that in charge of this, but I do think that in charge of this, but I do think that there's nothing fundamental again that's there's nothing fundamental again that's there's nothing fundamental again that's preventing it. It's just the labs preventing it. It's just the labs preventing it. It's just the labs haven't done it yet almost. haven't done it yet almost. haven't done it yet almost. Yeah.

[23:31] Yeah. Yeah. So, I'd love to come back to this idea So, I'd love to come back to this idea So, I'd love to come back to this idea of uh of uh of uh jagged forms of intelligence. You wrote jagged forms of intelligence. You wrote jagged forms of intelligence. You wrote a little bit about this with uh very a little bit about this with uh very a little bit about this with uh very thought-provoking piece around animals thought-provoking piece around animals thought-provoking piece around animals versus ghosts. versus ghosts. versus ghosts. Um and the idea is that we're not Um and the idea is that we're not Um and the idea is that we're not building animals. We are summoning building animals. We are summoning building animals. We are summoning ghosts. Um and these are jagged forms of ghosts. Um and these are jagged forms of ghosts. Um and these are jagged forms of intelligence that are shaped by data and intelligence that are shaped by data and intelligence that are shaped by data and reward functions, but not by intrinsic reward functions, but not by intrinsic reward functions, but not by intrinsic motivation or fun or curiosity or motivation or fun or curiosity or motivation or fun or curiosity or empowerment, uh empowerment, uh empowerment, uh things that kind of came about via things that kind of came about via things that kind of came about via evolution. evolution. evolution. Um why does that framing matter? And

[24:02] Um why does that framing matter? And Um why does that framing matter? And what does it actually change about how what does it actually change about how what does it actually change about how you build and deploy and evaluate or you build and deploy and evaluate or you build and deploy and evaluate or even trust them? even trust them? even trust them? Uh Uh Uh yes, so yes, so yes, so Yeah, I think the reason I wrote about Yeah, I think the reason I wrote about Yeah, I think the reason I wrote about this is because I'm trying to wrap my this is because I'm trying to wrap my this is because I'm trying to wrap my head around what these things are, head around what these things are, head around what these things are, right? Because if you have a good model right? Because if you have a good model right? Because if you have a good model of what they are or are not, then you're of what they are or are not, then you're of what they are or are not, then you're going to be more competent at uh using going to be more competent at uh using going to be more competent at uh using them. Um and I do think that um them. Um and I do think that um them. Um and I do think that um I don't know if it has I'm not sure if I don't know if it has I'm not sure if I don't know if it has I'm not sure if it actually has like real power. it actually has like real power. it actually has like real power. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I think it's a little bit of &gt;&gt; I think it's a little bit of &gt;&gt; I think it's a little bit of philosophizing. philosophizing. philosophizing. But I do think that um

[24:34] But I do think that um But I do think that um I think it's just um I think it's just um I think it's just um coming to terms with the fact that these coming to terms with the fact that these coming to terms with the fact that these things are not, you know, animal things are not, you know, animal things are not, you know, animal intelligences. Like if you yell at them, intelligences. Like if you yell at them, intelligences. Like if you yell at them, they're not going to work better or or they're not going to work better or or they're not going to work better or or worse or it doesn't have any impact. Um worse or it doesn't have any impact. Um worse or it doesn't have any impact. Um and uh and uh and uh it's all just kind of like these it's all just kind of like these it's all just kind of like these statistical simulation circuits where statistical simulation circuits where statistical simulation circuits where the the substrate is pre-training, so the the substrate is pre-training, so the the substrate is pre-training, so like statistics. And then but then like statistics. And then but then like statistics. And then but then there's RL bolting on top, so there's RL bolting on top, so there's RL bolting on top, so it kind of like increases the it kind of like increases the it kind of like increases the disadvantages and um maybe it's just disadvantages and um maybe it's just disadvantages and um maybe it's just kind of like a mindset of what I'm kind of like a mindset of what I'm kind of like a mindset of what I'm coming into or what's likely to work or

[25:04] coming into or what's likely to work or coming into or what's likely to work or not likely to work or how to modify it, not likely to work or how to modify it, not likely to work or how to modify it, but I don't actually I don't know that I but I don't actually I don't know that I but I don't actually I don't know that I have like here are the five obvious have like here are the five obvious have like here are the five obvious outcomes of how to make your system outcomes of how to make your system outcomes of how to make your system better. It's more just being suspicious better. It's more just being suspicious better. It's more just being suspicious of it and um of it and um of it and um figuring out over time. figuring out over time. figuring out over time. That's where it starts. Okay, so you are That's where it starts. Okay, so you are That's where it starts. Okay, so you are so deep in working with agents that so deep in working with agents that so deep in working with agents that don't just chat. They have don't just chat. They have don't just chat. They have real permissions. They have local real permissions. They have local real permissions. They have local contacts. They actually take action on contacts. They actually take action on contacts. They actually take action on your your behalf. What does the world your your behalf. What does the world your your behalf. What does the world look like when we all start to live in look like when we all start to live in look like when we all start to live in that world? that world? that world? Yeah, I think Yeah, I think Yeah, I think I think a lot of people probably here

[25:34] I think a lot of people probably here I think a lot of people probably here are excited about what this agentic are excited about what this agentic are excited about what this agentic you know, native agentic environment you know, native agentic environment you know, native agentic environment looks like and everything has to be looks like and everything has to be looks like and everything has to be rewritten. Everything is still rewritten. Everything is still rewritten. Everything is still fundamentally written for humans and has fundamentally written for humans and has fundamentally written for humans and has to be moved around. I still use most of to be moved around. I still use most of to be moved around. I still use most of the time when I use different frameworks the time when I use different frameworks the time when I use different frameworks or libraries or things like that. They or libraries or things like that. They or libraries or things like that. They still have docs that are fundamentally still have docs that are fundamentally still have docs that are fundamentally written for humans. This is my favorite written for humans. This is my favorite written for humans. This is my favorite pet peeve. Like I don't Why are people pet peeve. Like I don't Why are people pet peeve. Like I don't Why are people still telling me what to do? Like I still telling me what to do? Like I still telling me what to do? Like I don't want to do anything. What is the don't want to do anything. What is the don't want to do anything. What is the thing I should copy paste to my agent? thing I should copy paste to my agent? thing I should copy paste to my agent? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So it's just every time I'm told, you &gt;&gt; So it's just every time I'm told, you &gt;&gt; So it's just every time I'm told, you know, go to this URL or something like

[26:05] know, go to this URL or something like know, go to this URL or something like that. It's just like ah. that. It's just like ah. that. It's just like ah. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You know. &gt;&gt; You know. &gt;&gt; You know. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; So um &gt;&gt; So um &gt;&gt; So um everyone is I think excited about how do everyone is I think excited about how do everyone is I think excited about how do we decompose the workloads that need to we decompose the workloads that need to we decompose the workloads that need to happen into fundamentally sensors over happen into fundamentally sensors over happen into fundamentally sensors over the world, actuators over the world. How the world, actuators over the world. How the world, actuators over the world. How do we make it agent native? Basically do we make it agent native? Basically do we make it agent native? Basically describe it to agents first. Um and then describe it to agents first. Um and then describe it to agents first. Um and then I have a lot of automation around I have a lot of automation around I have a lot of automation around you know, the you know, the you know, the Yeah, around data structures that are Yeah, around data structures that are Yeah, around data structures that are very legible to the LLMs. very legible to the LLMs. very legible to the LLMs. So I think So I think So I think yeah, I'm hoping that there's a lot of yeah, I'm hoping that there's a lot of yeah, I'm hoping that there's a lot of agent first infrastructure out there and

[26:37] agent first infrastructure out there and agent first infrastructure out there and that you know, for MenuGen famously when that you know, for MenuGen famously when that you know, for MenuGen famously when I wrote the not I'm not sure how I wrote the not I'm not sure how I wrote the not I'm not sure how famously, but when I wrote the blog post famously, but when I wrote the blog post famously, but when I wrote the blog post about MenuGen [laughter] about MenuGen [laughter] about MenuGen [laughter] a lot of the work a lot of the trouble a lot of the work a lot of the trouble a lot of the work a lot of the trouble was not even writing the code for was not even writing the code for was not even writing the code for MenuGen. It was deploying it on Vercel MenuGen. It was deploying it on Vercel MenuGen. It was deploying it on Vercel because I had to work with all these because I had to work with all these because I had to work with all these different services and I just string different services and I just string different services and I just string them up and I just go to their settings them up and I just go to their settings them up and I just go to their settings and the menus, and and the menus, and and the menus, and you know, configure my DNS, and it was you know, configure my DNS, and it was you know, configure my DNS, and it was just so annoying. And so, that's a good just so annoying. And so, that's a good just so annoying. And so, that's a good example of I would hope that MenuGen example of I would hope that MenuGen example of I would hope that MenuGen that I could give a prompt to an LLM, that I could give a prompt to an LLM, that I could give a prompt to an LLM, build MenuGen, and then I didn't have to build MenuGen, and then I didn't have to build MenuGen, and then I didn't have to touch anything, and it's deployed in touch anything, and it's deployed in touch anything, and it's deployed in that same way on the internet. I think

[27:08] that same way on the internet. I think that same way on the internet. I think that would be a good kind of a test for that would be a good kind of a test for that would be a good kind of a test for whether or not a lot of our whether or not a lot of our whether or not a lot of our infrastructure is becoming more and more infrastructure is becoming more and more infrastructure is becoming more and more agent native. And then ultimately, I agent native. And then ultimately, I agent native. And then ultimately, I would say would say would say yeah, I I do think we're going towards a yeah, I I do think we're going towards a yeah, I I do think we're going towards a world where there's agent representation world where there's agent representation world where there's agent representation for people and for organizations, and um for people and for organizations, and um for people and for organizations, and um you know, I'll have my agent talk to you know, I'll have my agent talk to you know, I'll have my agent talk to your agent to figure out some of the your agent to figure out some of the your agent to figure out some of the details of our meetings or things like details of our meetings or things like details of our meetings or things like that. So, that. So, that. So, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; um I do think that that's roughly where &gt;&gt; um I do think that that's roughly where &gt;&gt; um I do think that that's roughly where things are going, but um yeah, I think things are going, but um yeah, I think things are going, but um yeah, I think everyone here is excited about that. I

[27:38] everyone here is excited about that. I everyone here is excited about that. I really like the visual analogy of really like the visual analogy of really like the visual analogy of sensors and actuators. I actually hadn't sensors and actuators. I actually hadn't sensors and actuators. I actually hadn't thought of that. That's super thought of that. That's super thought of that. That's super interesting. interesting. interesting. &gt;&gt; Right. Um okay, I think we have to end &gt;&gt; Right. Um okay, I think we have to end &gt;&gt; Right. Um okay, I think we have to end on a question about education, um on a question about education, um on a question about education, um because you are probably one of the very because you are probably one of the very because you are probably one of the very best in the world at making complex best in the world at making complex best in the world at making complex technical concepts simple and deeply technical concepts simple and deeply technical concepts simple and deeply thoughtful about how we design education thoughtful about how we design education thoughtful about how we design education around it. Um around it. Um around it. Um what still remains worth learning deeply what still remains worth learning deeply what still remains worth learning deeply when intelligence gets cheap as we move when intelligence gets cheap as we move when intelligence gets cheap as we move into the next era of AI? into the next era of AI? into the next era of AI? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh there was a tweet that blew my mind Uh there was a tweet that blew my mind

[28:08] Uh there was a tweet that blew my mind recently, and I keep thinking about it recently, and I keep thinking about it recently, and I keep thinking about it like every other day. It was something like every other day. It was something like every other day. It was something along the lines of um along the lines of um along the lines of um you can outsource your thinking, but you you can outsource your thinking, but you you can outsource your thinking, but you can't outsource your understanding. can't outsource your understanding. can't outsource your understanding. And um I think that's really nicely put. And um I think that's really nicely put. And um I think that's really nicely put. I so I so I so yeah, because I still I'm still part of yeah, because I still I'm still part of yeah, because I still I'm still part of the system, and I still I still have to the system, and I still I still have to the system, and I still I still have to somehow information still has to make it somehow information still has to make it somehow information still has to make it into my brain, and I feel like I'm into my brain, and I feel like I'm into my brain, and I feel like I'm becoming a bottleneck of just even becoming a bottleneck of just even becoming a bottleneck of just even knowing what we're trying to build, why knowing what we're trying to build, why knowing what we're trying to build, why is it worth doing, uh how do I direct is it worth doing, uh how do I direct is it worth doing, uh how do I direct you know, how do I direct my my agents, you know, how do I direct my my agents, you know, how do I direct my my agents, and so on. So, and so on. So, and so on. So, I do still think that ultimately I do still think that ultimately I do still think that ultimately something has to direct the thinking and

[28:39] something has to direct the thinking and something has to direct the thinking and the processing, and so on. And um the processing, and so on. And um the processing, and so on. And um that's still kind of fundamentally that's still kind of fundamentally that's still kind of fundamentally constrained somehow by understanding. constrained somehow by understanding. constrained somehow by understanding. And this is one reason I also was very And this is one reason I also was very And this is one reason I also was very excited about all the all the knowledge excited about all the all the knowledge excited about all the all the knowledge bases because I feel like that's that's bases because I feel like that's that's bases because I feel like that's that's a way for me to process information. And a way for me to process information. And a way for me to process information. And anytime I see a different projection anytime I see a different projection anytime I see a different projection onto information, I always like feel onto information, I always like feel onto information, I always like feel like I gain insight. So, it's really like I gain insight. So, it's really like I gain insight. So, it's really just just just a lot of prompts for me to do synthetic a lot of prompts for me to do synthetic a lot of prompts for me to do synthetic data generation kind of over over some data generation kind of over over some data generation kind of over over some fixed data. Uh so, I I really enjoy uh fixed data. Uh so, I I really enjoy uh fixed data. Uh so, I I really enjoy uh whenever I read an article, I have my uh whenever I read an article, I have my uh whenever I read an article, I have my uh you know, my wiki that's being built up you know, my wiki that's being built up you know, my wiki that's being built up from these articles. And I love asking

[29:09] from these articles. And I love asking from these articles. And I love asking questions about things or um and I I questions about things or um and I I questions about things or um and I I think that ultimately these are tools to think that ultimately these are tools to think that ultimately these are tools to enhance understanding in a certain way. enhance understanding in a certain way. enhance understanding in a certain way. And this is still kind of like a bit of And this is still kind of like a bit of And this is still kind of like a bit of a bottleneck because then you can't a bottleneck because then you can't a bottleneck because then you can't direct the direct the direct the uh you you can't be a good director if uh you you can't be a good director if uh you you can't be a good director if you still you still you still uh cuz the LLMs certainly don't excel at uh cuz the LLMs certainly don't excel at uh cuz the LLMs certainly don't excel at understanding. You still are uniquely in understanding. You still are uniquely in understanding. You still are uniquely in charge of that. So, charge of that. So, charge of that. So, uh yeah, I think uh tools to that effect uh yeah, I think uh tools to that effect uh yeah, I think uh tools to that effect I think are incredibly interesting and I think are incredibly interesting and I think are incredibly interesting and exciting. I'm excited to be back here in exciting. I'm excited to be back here in exciting. I'm excited to be back here in a couple years and to see if we've been a couple years and to see if we've been a couple years and to see if we've been fully automated out of the loop and they fully automated out of the loop and they fully automated out of the loop and they actually take care of understanding as

[29:39] actually take care of understanding as actually take care of understanding as well. Uh thank you so much for joining well. Uh thank you so much for joining well. Uh thank you so much for joining us, Andre. We really appreciate it. us, Andre. We really appreciate it. us, Andre. We really appreciate it. [applause]
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=96jN2OCOfLs
