# Transcript: 9 things you’ll actually do with Jev

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxaMzr7al3I
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 24:36 · Words: 15345
Other available languages: a-fr-FR (fr-FR) [auto], a-de-DE (de-DE) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-pt-BR (pt-BR) [auto], a-es-US (es-US) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/pxaMzr7al3I.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=pxaMzr7al3I

## Transcript
[0:01] Everyone is talking about Jev. Everyone is talking about Jev. &gt;&gt; It is so fast. Watch this. &gt;&gt; It is so fast. Watch this. &gt;&gt; It is so fast. Watch this. That is not sped up. That is actually That is not sped up. That is actually That is not sped up. That is actually real time. real time. real time. &gt;&gt; But what can you do with it and what &gt;&gt; But what can you do with it and what &gt;&gt; But what can you do with it and what does it do? We're going to get into it. does it do? We're going to get into it. does it do? We're going to get into it. &gt;&gt; It's not a chatbot. It can't even write &gt;&gt; It's not a chatbot. It can't even write &gt;&gt; It's not a chatbot. It can't even write a sentence. It simply makes smart a sentence. It simply makes smart a sentence. It simply makes smart decisions way faster and way cheaper decisions way faster and way cheaper decisions way faster and way cheaper than any of the other models. than any of the other models. than any of the other models. &gt;&gt; My friend, I have watched endless &gt;&gt; My friend, I have watched endless &gt;&gt; My friend, I have watched endless YouTube videos and talked to people YouTube videos and talked to people YouTube videos and talked to people about how they're using Jev. I've got about how they're using Jev. I've got about how they're using Jev. I've got the best use cases that you and I can

[0:31] the best use cases that you and I can the best use cases that you and I can actually use. I'm so excited to show actually use. I'm so excited to show actually use. I'm so excited to show them to you. them to you. them to you. &gt;&gt; Presented by Zapier, the AI automation &gt;&gt; Presented by Zapier, the AI automation &gt;&gt; Presented by Zapier, the AI automation company. company. company. &gt;&gt; Let's get into the first one and this &gt;&gt; Let's get into the first one and this &gt;&gt; Let's get into the first one and this one is just categorizing email. one is just categorizing email. one is just categorizing email. &gt;&gt; Watch how fast Jev is going through 500 &gt;&gt; Watch how fast Jev is going through 500 &gt;&gt; Watch how fast Jev is going through 500 of my emails. And so of my emails. And so of my emails. And so it's running through all my emails. It's it's running through all my emails. It's it's running through all my emails. It's gone through 80, 90, 100, 110, 120, 130. gone through 80, 90, 100, 110, 120, 130. gone through 80, 90, 100, 110, 120, 130. And you can see here that it's actually And you can see here that it's actually And you can see here that it's actually categorizing every single email. It's categorizing every single email. It's categorizing every single email. It's deciding when we need to respond. deciding when we need to respond. deciding when we need to respond. There's a lot of emails I need to There's a lot of emails I need to There's a lot of emails I need to respond to today.

[1:01] respond to today. respond to today. I'm not that great at checking my email. I'm not that great at checking my email. I'm not that great at checking my email. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; And you can see here it's going through &gt;&gt; And you can see here it's going through &gt;&gt; And you can see here it's going through all of these and it is done. It has gone all of these and it is done. It has gone all of these and it is done. It has gone through 500 out of 500 emails and then through 500 out of 500 emails and then through 500 out of 500 emails and then it creates this pie chart of all of the it creates this pie chart of all of the it creates this pie chart of all of the different types of emails that different types of emails that different types of emails that &gt;&gt; I can so see this tagging my email, &gt;&gt; I can so see this tagging my email, &gt;&gt; I can so see this tagging my email, making helping me figure out what I making helping me figure out what I making helping me figure out what I should be responding to, how I could should be responding to, how I could should be responding to, how I could respond to it and then actually at times respond to it and then actually at times respond to it and then actually at times passing it on to a smarter LLM that can passing it on to a smarter LLM that can passing it on to a smarter LLM that can actually suggest what to write. But this actually suggest what to write. But this actually suggest what to write. But this is what it's great at, categorizing and

[1:31] is what it's great at, categorizing and is what it's great at, categorizing and speed and doing it inexpensively. Let's speed and doing it inexpensively. Let's speed and doing it inexpensively. Let's go into the next example that I want you go into the next example that I want you go into the next example that I want you to see. to see. to see. This is actually before we get into an This is actually before we get into an This is actually before we get into an example, this is how to install it, how example, this is how to install it, how example, this is how to install it, how to get it started. I hate how many to get it started. I hate how many to get it started. I hate how many people in all these videos just get people in all these videos just get people in all these videos just get going without telling me how. Turns out going without telling me how. Turns out going without telling me how. Turns out you just have to go to typesafe.ai and you just have to go to typesafe.ai and you just have to go to typesafe.ai and then here's how to connect it to Codex. then here's how to connect it to Codex. then here's how to connect it to Codex. It's very similar to connect it to It's very similar to connect it to It's very similar to connect it to everything else. Let's take it away, everything else. Let's take it away, everything else. Let's take it away, Lucas. Lucas. Lucas. &gt;&gt; available to you. But in order to get &gt;&gt; available to you. But in order to get &gt;&gt; available to you. But in order to get this started, all we have to do is go this started, all we have to do is go this started, all we have to do is go over here to this quick start and you over here to this quick start and you over here to this quick start and you can just copy this agent prompt and then can just copy this agent prompt and then can just copy this agent prompt and then you can open up any agent you want. In you can open up any agent you want. In you can open up any agent you want. In this case, I'm going to be using Codex,

[2:01] this case, I'm going to be using Codex, this case, I'm going to be using Codex, but you can use Claude code, you can use but you can use Claude code, you can use but you can use Claude code, you can use Rock bot as well. And you want to open Rock bot as well. And you want to open Rock bot as well. And you want to open up a new workspace. My case is Jeff and up a new workspace. My case is Jeff and up a new workspace. My case is Jeff and we just want to paste in that prompt we just want to paste in that prompt we just want to paste in that prompt that we got from that website and then that we got from that website and then that we got from that website and then hit submit. And also another thing that hit submit. And also another thing that hit submit. And also another thing that you have to do is you have to generate you have to do is you have to generate you have to do is you have to generate an API key. So you can just click on an API key. So you can just click on an API key. So you can just click on this over here and create a new key and this over here and create a new key and this over here and create a new key and then you can copy and paste that to like then you can copy and paste that to like then you can copy and paste that to like a simple plain text file where you store a simple plain text file where you store a simple plain text file where you store your API keys. your API keys. your API keys. &gt;&gt; One thing that you should be aware of is &gt;&gt; One thing that you should be aware of is &gt;&gt; One thing that you should be aware of is they went into wait list and they took they went into wait list and they took they went into wait list and they took off the wait list and you can sign up off the wait list and you can sign up off the wait list and you can sign up immediately. Now they're on the wait immediately. Now they're on the wait immediately. Now they're on the wait list again. It just goes back and forth. list again. It just goes back and forth. list again. It just goes back and forth. Keep trying it and if you need direct

[2:31] Keep trying it and if you need direct Keep trying it and if you need direct access to it and it's not available, it access to it and it's not available, it access to it and it's not available, it is available through open router without is available through open router without is available through open router without having to do this whole waiting list having to do this whole waiting list having to do this whole waiting list nonsense. But keep checking the site. I nonsense. But keep checking the site. I nonsense. But keep checking the site. I think it's great and it's worthwhile. think it's great and it's worthwhile. think it's great and it's worthwhile. All right, next. I set an example. Let's All right, next. I set an example. Let's All right, next. I set an example. Let's get into an example. This is my absolute get into an example. This is my absolute get into an example. This is my absolute favorite one and we'll get into more favorite one and we'll get into more favorite one and we'll get into more practical ones, but what um Moritz did practical ones, but what um Moritz did practical ones, but what um Moritz did is he had it create a web browser. Boy, is he had it create a web browser. Boy, is he had it create a web browser. Boy, did I catch him in a like weird pause did I catch him in a like weird pause did I catch him in a like weird pause here. He created a web browser here. He created a web browser here. He created a web browser that you can speak to. Here's the that you can speak to. Here's the that you can speak to. Here's the prompt. I'm going to 2x the speed prompt. I'm going to 2x the speed prompt. I'm going to 2x the speed because he's talking kind of slowly into

[3:01] because he's talking kind of slowly into because he's talking kind of slowly into it. it. it. &gt;&gt; Okay, for the first example, I want to &gt;&gt; Okay, for the first example, I want to &gt;&gt; Okay, for the first example, I want to build a voice controlled web browser. So build a voice controlled web browser. So build a voice controlled web browser. So let's write the prompt here. I want you let's write the prompt here. I want you let's write the prompt here. I want you to build an app um using the Jeff API. to build an app um using the Jeff API. to build an app um using the Jeff API. It should be a web app uh where I can It should be a web app uh where I can It should be a web app uh where I can record or I can speak into it. record or I can speak into it. record or I can speak into it. Automatically transcribes what I say and Automatically transcribes what I say and Automatically transcribes what I say and controls the web browser for me. So I controls the web browser for me. So I controls the web browser for me. So I can say for example, open this website, can say for example, open this website, can say for example, open this website, click on this link, etc. and the browser click on this link, etc. and the browser click on this link, etc. and the browser just does all of that in real time. just does all of that in real time. just does all of that in real time. Okay, okay, this is done. So let's check Okay, okay, this is done. So let's check Okay, okay, this is done. So let's check it out. The dashboard control page is it out. The dashboard control page is it out. The dashboard control page is here. Um we can let's put it here. Um we can let's put it here. Um we can let's put it &gt;&gt; Okay, so on the right is the dashboard &gt;&gt; Okay, so on the right is the dashboard &gt;&gt; Okay, so on the right is the dashboard control. Now let's see the browser and control. Now let's see the browser and control. Now let's see the browser and how he's interacting with Wikipedia in

[3:32] how he's interacting with Wikipedia in how he's interacting with Wikipedia in it. it. it. &gt;&gt; and start trying this out so I can click &gt;&gt; and start trying this out so I can click &gt;&gt; and start trying this out so I can click here start and then should be recording here start and then should be recording here start and then should be recording my voice. Okay, go to wikipedia.org. my voice. Okay, go to wikipedia.org. my voice. Okay, go to wikipedia.org. Okay, it's working. Okay, it's working. Okay, it's working. Okay, click on the first link.

[4:08] Nice. Nice. Scroll down the page a little bit. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm going to pause it there a bit &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm going to pause it there a bit more. more. more. &gt;&gt; You get the picture. The idea is that &gt;&gt; You get the picture. The idea is that &gt;&gt; You get the picture. The idea is that it's acting pretty quickly by analyzing it's acting pretty quickly by analyzing it's acting pretty quickly by analyzing what's on the page. He did say later on what's on the page. He did say later on what's on the page. He did say later on in his video, and I'll have a link to in his video, and I'll have a link to in his video, and I'll have a link to his video and all the other videos his video and all the other videos his video and all the other videos below, but he did say that that at other below, but he did say that that at other below, but he did say that that at other times it was working faster, that he times it was working faster, that he times it was working faster, that he thought that there was something going thought that there was something going thought that there was something going on with his internet when he did this on with his internet when he did this on with his internet when he did this demo. We've seen a few other examples of

[4:38] demo. We've seen a few other examples of demo. We've seen a few other examples of this where people have gone and breezed this where people have gone and breezed this where people have gone and breezed through it quickly. Let's understand how through it quickly. Let's understand how through it quickly. Let's understand how it works, and I pulled this clip from it works, and I pulled this clip from it works, and I pulled this clip from Moritz's video. Moritz's video. Moritz's video. Let's Can I hit play? Let's Can I hit play? Let's Can I hit play? &gt;&gt; So, think of it in in three parts that &gt;&gt; So, think of it in in three parts that &gt;&gt; So, think of it in in three parts that passes a note down the line many times a passes a note down the line many times a passes a note down the line many times a second. So, your voice becomes text second. So, your voice becomes text second. So, your voice becomes text while you're still talking. The while you're still talking. The while you're still talking. The dashboard page in Chrome listens to your dashboard page in Chrome listens to your dashboard page in Chrome listens to your microphone and turns speech into text. microphone and turns speech into text. microphone and turns speech into text. Okay, that makes sense. And then the Okay, that makes sense. And then the Okay, that makes sense. And then the next step is Jeff answers a quiz about next step is Jeff answers a quiz about next step is Jeff answers a quiz about that text. Okay. Um each time a new that text. Okay. Um each time a new that text. Okay. Um each time a new fragment arrives, the node server looks fragment arrives, the node server looks fragment arrives, the node server looks at the controlled browser window. So, it

[5:09] at the controlled browser window. So, it at the controlled browser window. So, it looks at what's in the browser, makes a looks at what's in the browser, makes a looks at what's in the browser, makes a short list of what's on the page. Okay, short list of what's on the page. Okay, short list of what's on the page. Okay, like up to 100 things like there's a like up to 100 things like there's a like up to 100 things like there's a link which says new, there's a button link which says new, there's a button link which says new, there's a button which says search search. And it sends which says search search. And it sends which says search search. And it sends that list plus your words to Jeff, okay, that list plus your words to Jeff, okay, that list plus your words to Jeff, okay, with a fixed set of multiple choice and with a fixed set of multiple choice and with a fixed set of multiple choice and yes and no questions. Like, what does yes and no questions. Like, what does yes and no questions. Like, what does the user want? Like, do I want to the user want? Like, do I want to the user want? Like, do I want to navigate? Do I want to search, click, navigate? Do I want to search, click, navigate? Do I want to search, click, type, and so on. Which element on the type, and so on. Which element on the type, and so on. Which element on the page do they mean? Which website are page do they mean? Which website are page do they mean? Which website are they talking about? Is the sentence they talking about? Is the sentence they talking about? Is the sentence finished yet? Um is the user even

[5:40] finished yet? Um is the user even finished yet? Um is the user even talking to the browser or to someone in talking to the browser or to someone in talking to the browser or to someone in the room? Okay, interesting. Um and the room? Okay, interesting. Um and the room? Okay, interesting. Um and which is action buy, delete, or send which is action buy, delete, or send which is action buy, delete, or send something? Okay, cool. And after that something? Okay, cool. And after that something? Okay, cool. And after that then plain code decides and acts. So, then plain code decides and acts. So, then plain code decides and acts. So, the server has a handful of if the server has a handful of if the server has a handful of if statements with thresholds. If is this statements with thresholds. If is this statements with thresholds. If is this is a command is below 0.5 ignore it. So, is a command is below 0.5 ignore it. So, is a command is below 0.5 ignore it. So, these are the the probability that are these are the the probability that are these are the the probability that are basically returned. If it's under 0.5 basically returned. If it's under 0.5 basically returned. If it's under 0.5 ignore it and if is the sentence ignore it and if is the sentence ignore it and if is the sentence finished is below 0.6 wait for more finished is below 0.6 wait for more finished is below 0.6 wait for more words and so on. Okay, so it has like a words and so on. Okay, so it has like a words and so on. Okay, so it has like a bunch of rules and based on the

[6:11] bunch of rules and based on the bunch of rules and based on the probabilities that it's it's getting probabilities that it's it's getting probabilities that it's it's getting back it's making those decisions and back it's making those decisions and back it's making those decisions and like acting on it basically. And all of like acting on it basically. And all of like acting on it basically. And all of that is happening in real time. And so, that is happening in real time. And so, that is happening in real time. And so, the thing here is that if an LLM were to the thing here is that if an LLM were to the thing here is that if an LLM were to make this decision it would take a lot make this decision it would take a lot make this decision it would take a lot longer to actually arrive at that longer to actually arrive at that longer to actually arrive at that decision, right? Because it needs to decision, right? Because it needs to decision, right? Because it needs to reason through the steps. It would need reason through the steps. It would need reason through the steps. It would need to like look at everything that's there to like look at everything that's there to like look at everything that's there and then kind of reason through it. and then kind of reason through it. and then kind of reason through it. Whereas Jeff is just it gets all of that Whereas Jeff is just it gets all of that Whereas Jeff is just it gets all of that data and then it can make very fast data and then it can make very fast data and then it can make very fast decisions on what probability is it that

[6:42] decisions on what probability is it that decisions on what probability is it that this button should be clicked and then this button should be clicked and then this button should be clicked and then it just goes and and clicks that button. it just goes and and clicks that button. it just goes and and clicks that button. Okay. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; to I'm going to oversimplify it and say &gt;&gt; to I'm going to oversimplify it and say &gt;&gt; to I'm going to oversimplify it and say that Jev turns everything into a that Jev turns everything into a that Jev turns everything into a multiple-choice test where most things multiple-choice test where most things multiple-choice test where most things like Opus turns it into an essay where like Opus turns it into an essay where like Opus turns it into an essay where you're almost scored based on how much you're almost scored based on how much you're almost scored based on how much information you know and how much information you know and how much information you know and how much information you share. And the fact that information you share. And the fact that information you share. And the fact that it's just making decisions like that it's just making decisions like that it's just making decisions like that means that it's going quicker. Obviously means that it's going quicker. Obviously means that it's going quicker. Obviously oversimplified. Let me know in the oversimplified. Let me know in the oversimplified. Let me know in the comments if if you've got a better comments if if you've got a better comments if if you've got a better analogy here. Let's tell you about analogy here. Let's tell you about analogy here. Let's tell you about Zapier. Listen to this. I know a lot of Zapier. Listen to this. I know a lot of Zapier. Listen to this. I know a lot of you are skipping through some of my

[7:12] you are skipping through some of my you are skipping through some of my Zapier ads. I want you to know why this Zapier ads. I want you to know why this Zapier ads. I want you to know why this is the one to never skip because Zapier is the one to never skip because Zapier is the one to never skip because Zapier now has Jev integration in it and here's now has Jev integration in it and here's now has Jev integration in it and here's why this is important. Jev makes why this is important. Jev makes why this is important. Jev makes decisions like it could look at your decisions like it could look at your decisions like it could look at your calendar and say is this another nudnik calendar and say is this another nudnik calendar and say is this another nudnik who's now posting that you have to like who's now posting that you have to like who's now posting that you have to like do you ever get those people who are do you ever get those people who are do you ever get those people who are spamming your calendar with you've got a spamming your calendar with you've got a spamming your calendar with you've got a voicemail or you've got to show up to voicemail or you've got to show up to voicemail or you've got to show up to this webinar or whatever? this webinar or whatever? this webinar or whatever? Zapier can send each one of your Zapier can send each one of your Zapier can send each one of your calendar entries over to Jev which will calendar entries over to Jev which will calendar entries over to Jev which will then decide is this spam or not quickly. then decide is this spam or not quickly. then decide is this spam or not quickly. And because Jev is inexpensive and

[7:42] And because Jev is inexpensive and And because Jev is inexpensive and Zapier is pulling of this is Zapier is pulling of this is Zapier is pulling of this is inexpensive, you've got a very inexpensive, you've got a very inexpensive, you've got a very inexpensive decision maker. And that's inexpensive decision maker. And that's inexpensive decision maker. And that's just one way to use it. This is so live just one way to use it. This is so live just one way to use it. This is so live that the CTO of Zapier actually rushed that the CTO of Zapier actually rushed that the CTO of Zapier actually rushed it out and said to the whole team, "We it out and said to the whole team, "We it out and said to the whole team, "We got to get this up." They did get it up, got to get this up." They did get it up, got to get this up." They did get it up, but it's not even in Google yet. So, but it's not even in Google yet. So, but it's not even in Google yet. So, when I Googled for the link, I couldn't when I Googled for the link, I couldn't when I Googled for the link, I couldn't find it. I got it directly from Zapier, find it. I got it directly from Zapier, find it. I got it directly from Zapier, my sponsor, and I'll put it for you in my sponsor, and I'll put it for you in my sponsor, and I'll put it for you in the description so you can go directly the description so you can go directly the description so you can go directly in and try it with Zapier. Zapier makes in and try it with Zapier. Zapier makes in and try it with Zapier. Zapier makes you happier. Let's move on to the next. you happier. Let's move on to the next. you happier. Let's move on to the next. Here's the next example. Here's the next example. Here's the next example. You know, everyone tells you send some

[8:12] You know, everyone tells you send some You know, everyone tells you send some things over to the expensive model, some things over to the expensive model, some things over to the expensive model, some things over to the inexpensive faster things over to the inexpensive faster things over to the inexpensive faster model. How do you do it? It's always model. How do you do it? It's always model. How do you do it? It's always been a pain in the, you know. Let's get been a pain in the, you know. Let's get been a pain in the, you know. Let's get into what Jason into what Jason into what Jason &gt;&gt; really a quick and cost-effective way &gt;&gt; really a quick and cost-effective way &gt;&gt; really a quick and cost-effective way for us to automate model routing up for us to automate model routing up for us to automate model routing up until Jev. And so, to set this up, you until Jev. And so, to set this up, you until Jev. And so, to set this up, you can just use this prompt for you to get can just use this prompt for you to get can just use this prompt for you to get started. And just to give you a visual started. And just to give you a visual started. And just to give you a visual demo of the test that I set up. demo of the test that I set up. demo of the test that I set up. Essentially, what I asked Claude to do Essentially, what I asked Claude to do Essentially, what I asked Claude to do is to do a comparison of around 12 is to do a comparison of around 12 is to do a comparison of around 12 prompts with Jev and another one where prompts with Jev and another one where prompts with Jev and another one where it's running with 5.1 every time. And it's running with 5.1 every time. And it's running with 5.1 every time. And you can see here that because of Jev and you can see here that because of Jev and you can see here that because of Jev and the fact that it's actually routing to

[8:42] the fact that it's actually routing to the fact that it's actually routing to the right model depending on the task, the right model depending on the task, the right model depending on the task, it actually resulted to 70% savings it actually resulted to 70% savings it actually resulted to 70% savings because nine out of those 12 tasks never because nine out of those 12 tasks never because nine out of those 12 tasks never needed the top model anyway. So, that is needed the top model anyway. So, that is needed the top model anyway. So, that is quite useful, but I'll quite useful, but I'll quite useful, but I'll &gt;&gt; Okay, he's got the prompt in his video. &gt;&gt; Okay, he's got the prompt in his video. &gt;&gt; Okay, he's got the prompt in his video. Of course, I'll link to it. The other Of course, I'll link to it. The other Of course, I'll link to it. The other thing that he said in his video is thing that he said in his video is thing that he said in his video is create a skill for yourself that will create a skill for yourself that will create a skill for yourself that will allow you to turn on this um allow you to turn on this um allow you to turn on this um this Jev integration and turn it off. this Jev integration and turn it off. this Jev integration and turn it off. So, it could be like a {slash} Jev. When So, it could be like a {slash} Jev. When So, it could be like a {slash} Jev. When you turn it on, it will decide what to you turn it on, it will decide what to you turn it on, it will decide what to send where and sometimes you just turn send where and sometimes you just turn send where and sometimes you just turn it off and you can focus on sticking it off and you can focus on sticking it off and you can focus on sticking with Fable because that's what you want.

[9:12] with Fable because that's what you want. with Fable because that's what you want. All right, really good video. And by the All right, really good video. And by the All right, really good video. And by the way, if you like this kind of analysis way, if you like this kind of analysis way, if you like this kind of analysis where I find you the best use cases out where I find you the best use cases out where I find you the best use cases out of what, hundreds of videos? I've got uh of what, hundreds of videos? I've got uh of what, hundreds of videos? I've got uh well, I've got more coming up. So, well, I've got more coming up. So, well, I've got more coming up. So, subscribe. I'm working so hard on these. subscribe. I'm working so hard on these. subscribe. I'm working so hard on these. Next. This is email tree Excuse me. Next. This is email tree Excuse me. Next. This is email tree Excuse me. Yeah, this is customer support triage um Yeah, this is customer support triage um Yeah, this is customer support triage um where where where you know how when email comes in to your you know how when email comes in to your you know how when email comes in to your customer support, somebody has to customer support, somebody has to customer support, somebody has to decide, is this something that we can decide, is this something that we can decide, is this something that we can just ignore? Is this something we can just ignore? Is this something we can just ignore? Is this something we can send one of our automated responses to, send one of our automated responses to, send one of our automated responses to, which you can see here on the bottom, or

[9:42] which you can see here on the bottom, or which you can see here on the bottom, or do we need a human being to respond to do we need a human being to respond to do we need a human being to respond to it? It's been really tough to do that in it? It's been really tough to do that in it? It's been really tough to do that in the past and expensive. the past and expensive. the past and expensive. What Jeff does is handles it quickly. What Jeff does is handles it quickly. What Jeff does is handles it quickly. This video from uh Mayank, I thought is This video from uh Mayank, I thought is This video from uh Mayank, I thought is really good, but because of his accent, really good, but because of his accent, really good, but because of his accent, too many people are missing it. Let me too many people are missing it. Let me too many people are missing it. Let me show you a little bit of the video. show you a little bit of the video. show you a little bit of the video. &gt;&gt; Subject, third time asking. This is the &gt;&gt; Subject, third time asking. This is the &gt;&gt; Subject, third time asking. This is the third time asking about my broken third time asking about my broken third time asking about my broken export. export. export. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, that you feel that, &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, that you feel that, &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, that you feel that, right? As a human being, you see that right? As a human being, you see that right? As a human being, you see that and you go, "Third time asking about my and you go, "Third time asking about my and you go, "Third time asking about my broken export." You understand this broken export." You understand this broken export." You understand this cannot have an automated message. cannot have an automated message. cannot have an automated message. &gt;&gt; This is unacceptable if it is unfixed &gt;&gt; This is unacceptable if it is unfixed &gt;&gt; This is unacceptable if it is unfixed this week. So, let's triage the ticket.

[10:12] this week. So, let's triage the ticket. this week. So, let's triage the ticket. Jeff will quickly send it to human Jeff will quickly send it to human Jeff will quickly send it to human queue. Queue, basically it should be queue. Queue, basically it should be queue. Queue, basically it should be sent to human, okay? And that is what sent to human, okay? And that is what sent to human, okay? And that is what happened. happened. happened. &gt;&gt; Fraction of a fraction of a penny is &gt;&gt; Fraction of a fraction of a penny is &gt;&gt; Fraction of a fraction of a penny is what it cost to do that. And let's take what it cost to do that. And let's take what it cost to do that. And let's take a look at a race between Jeff and Kimmi. a look at a race between Jeff and Kimmi. a look at a race between Jeff and Kimmi. Kimmi, of course, being not equally Kimmi, of course, being not equally Kimmi, of course, being not equally inexpensive, but also inexpensive. Let's inexpensive, but also inexpensive. Let's inexpensive, but also inexpensive. Let's take a look at that. take a look at that. take a look at that. &gt;&gt; And if I triage the ticket, pay &gt;&gt; And if I triage the ticket, pay &gt;&gt; And if I triage the ticket, pay attention. attention. attention. So, Jeff got it very nicely. Kimmi is So, Jeff got it very nicely. Kimmi is So, Jeff got it very nicely. Kimmi is still taking time. So, it is still still taking time. So, it is still still taking time. So, it is still taking this much time in real part to taking this much time in real part to taking this much time in real part to get you the answer. So, pay attention. get you the answer. So, pay attention. get you the answer. So, pay attention. Jeff speed, 7.2x, 1.16 versus 8.38. Jeff

[10:46] Jeff speed, 7.2x, 1.16 versus 8.38. Jeff Jeff speed, 7.2x, 1.16 versus 8.38. Jeff cost advantage, 16x. And cost advantage, 16x. And cost advantage, 16x. And &gt;&gt; Yeah. And one of the things that he said &gt;&gt; Yeah. And one of the things that he said &gt;&gt; Yeah. And one of the things that he said was, "Use Jeff for the routing part was, "Use Jeff for the routing part was, "Use Jeff for the routing part because it can't write messages." And because it can't write messages." And because it can't write messages." And then in his case, I think he used Kimmi then in his case, I think he used Kimmi then in his case, I think he used Kimmi to draft the replies when they were to draft the replies when they were to draft the replies when they were necessary. So, necessary. So, necessary. So, it's it's not a do-all, as you heard at it's it's not a do-all, as you heard at it's it's not a do-all, as you heard at the beginning of the video. Boy, I'm the beginning of the video. Boy, I'm the beginning of the video. Boy, I'm talking fast, right? Like if you see a talking fast, right? Like if you see a talking fast, right? Like if you see a model, talk fast, you almost want to model, talk fast, you almost want to model, talk fast, you almost want to talk faster. talk faster. talk faster. Okay. All right. This one is actually Okay. All right. This one is actually Okay. All right. This one is actually going to take a little bit of time for going to take a little bit of time for going to take a little bit of time for you to understand, but I think it's such you to understand, but I think it's such you to understand, but I think it's such a good use case. What he said is that he a good use case. What he said is that he a good use case. What he said is that he wanted to create a Typeform competitor,

[11:16] wanted to create a Typeform competitor, wanted to create a Typeform competitor, but it's more than that. What David is but it's more than that. What David is but it's more than that. What David is doing is he's saying, "I have people who doing is he's saying, "I have people who doing is he's saying, "I have people who are coming in and filling out a are coming in and filling out a are coming in and filling out a qualification form to see whether they qualification form to see whether they qualification form to see whether they should be working directly with me. I should be working directly with me. I should be working directly with me. I don't want to have them qualified later don't want to have them qualified later don't want to have them qualified later on and then say to the people who are on and then say to the people who are on and then say to the people who are the right fit, send them a Calendly the right fit, send them a Calendly the right fit, send them a Calendly link. To the people who are not, add link. To the people who are not, add link. To the people who are not, add them to my email newsletter drip, or them to my email newsletter drip, or them to my email newsletter drip, or whatever it is. He needs to make the whatever it is. He needs to make the whatever it is. He needs to make the decision instantly. And that was decision instantly. And that was decision instantly. And that was expensive and slow before Jeff. And so expensive and slow before Jeff. And so expensive and slow before Jeff. And so he's going into his um he's going into his um he's going into his um uh he's going in and at and asking what uh he's going in and at and asking what uh he's going in and at and asking what was he using? I think Claude or Opus uh

[11:47] was he using? I think Claude or Opus uh was he using? I think Claude or Opus uh to do to build this. to do to build this. to do to build this. &gt;&gt; Let's listen in. We build a Typeform &gt;&gt; Let's listen in. We build a Typeform &gt;&gt; Let's listen in. We build a Typeform competitor. Basically, an intelligent competitor. Basically, an intelligent competitor. Basically, an intelligent form that ranks the candidates, the form that ranks the candidates, the form that ranks the candidates, the applicants in real time. applicants in real time. applicants in real time. Basically, it's solving my own problem Basically, it's solving my own problem Basically, it's solving my own problem when you know, I have a waitlist or have when you know, I have a waitlist or have when you know, I have a waitlist or have I'm hiring for a position. You really I'm hiring for a position. You really I'm hiring for a position. You really cannot have a LM reason over it and take cannot have a LM reason over it and take cannot have a LM reason over it and take 10, 15, 20 seconds for a candidate until 10, 15, 20 seconds for a candidate until 10, 15, 20 seconds for a candidate until you decide whether to show them a you decide whether to show them a you decide whether to show them a Calendly or not. But 100 milliseconds Calendly or not. But 100 milliseconds Calendly or not. But 100 milliseconds does nothing, right? does nothing, right? does nothing, right? &gt;&gt; Let's see it. Let's see it. &gt;&gt; Let's see it. Let's see it. &gt;&gt; Let's see it. Let's see it. &gt;&gt; Help me build a basically a competitor

[12:17] &gt;&gt; Help me build a basically a competitor &gt;&gt; Help me build a basically a competitor to Typeform where to Typeform where to Typeform where we ask a couple of questions and the app we ask a couple of questions and the app we ask a couple of questions and the app is kind of split in like a 60/40 view is kind of split in like a 60/40 view is kind of split in like a 60/40 view where on the left is the 60% where on the left is the 60% where on the left is the 60% you have the form and we can ask like you have the form and we can ask like you have the form and we can ask like three or four questions. And then on the three or four questions. And then on the three or four questions. And then on the right we actually see like the admin right we actually see like the admin right we actually see like the admin view of what's happening with this new view of what's happening with this new view of what's happening with this new AI model from Type Safe AI. Okay, it's AI model from Type Safe AI. Okay, it's AI model from Type Safe AI. Okay, it's also misspelled here. Boom. So obviously also misspelled here. Boom. So obviously also misspelled here. Boom. So obviously I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing &gt;&gt; You see that what he's doing is &gt;&gt; You see that what he's doing is &gt;&gt; You see that what he's doing is dictating his prompt, right? dictating his prompt, right? dictating his prompt, right? &gt;&gt; dictation to be faster. We can nicely &gt;&gt; dictation to be faster. We can nicely &gt;&gt; dictation to be faster. We can nicely visually see the probabilities it's visually see the probabilities it's visually see the probabilities it's assigning for each user whether he's

[12:47] assigning for each user whether he's assigning for each user whether he's like highly qualified, qualified like highly qualified, qualified like highly qualified, qualified or like a or like a or like a mediocre or disqualified, right? mediocre or disqualified, right? mediocre or disqualified, right? &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Now, let's see it in &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Now, let's see it in &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Now, let's see it in action. What you're going to see is on action. What you're going to see is on action. What you're going to see is on the left is the the left is the the left is the the form and on the right is the the form and on the right is the the form and on the right is the analysis. &gt;&gt; uh me as a potential lead. So obviously &gt;&gt; uh me as a potential lead. So obviously I didn't know it was I didn't know it was I didn't know it was for a business automation service. So for a business automation service. So for a business automation service. So let's uh let's uh let's uh let's do a founder executive. Continue. let's do a founder executive. Continue. let's do a founder executive. Continue. Let's see how that changes things. Okay, Let's see how that changes things. Okay, Let's see how that changes things. Okay, slightly more qualified. Let's do 20,000

[13:17] slightly more qualified. Let's do 20,000 slightly more qualified. Let's do 20,000 plus. Okay, qualified now. Not more plus. Okay, qualified now. Not more plus. Okay, qualified now. Not more qualified. Uh Uh would you like to make it happen as soon would you like to make it happen as soon would you like to make it happen as soon as possible? So now we should be even as possible? So now we should be even as possible? So now we should be even Yeah, so we went from qualified to Yeah, so we went from qualified to Yeah, so we went from qualified to highly qualified. Nice. So, obviously my highly qualified. Nice. So, obviously my highly qualified. Nice. So, obviously my first response wasn't the the best first response wasn't the the best first response wasn't the the best because I didn't give Astra the because I didn't give Astra the because I didn't give Astra the criteria. It just kind of figured that criteria. It just kind of figured that criteria. It just kind of figured that out. But, yeah, this is how Jeff works. out. But, yeah, this is how Jeff works. out. But, yeah, this is how Jeff works. &gt;&gt; All right, it's really good at making &gt;&gt; All right, it's really good at making &gt;&gt; All right, it's really good at making decisions like that quickly. Let me ask decisions like that quickly. Let me ask decisions like that quickly. Let me ask you something, and this is not one of you something, and this is not one of you something, and this is not one of these BS

[13:47] these BS these BS ask you a question so you just comment. ask you a question so you just comment. ask you a question so you just comment. Um, but I really want to know. You know Um, but I really want to know. You know Um, but I really want to know. You know I had to adjust this table so that you I had to adjust this table so that you I had to adjust this table so that you get the view of behind me and the whole get the view of behind me and the whole get the view of behind me and the whole thing looks good. Meanwhile, David over thing looks good. Meanwhile, David over thing looks good. Meanwhile, David over here has got nothing but a white here has got nothing but a white here has got nothing but a white background. He's got his Breathe Right background. He's got his Breathe Right background. He's got his Breathe Right nasal strip still on his nose. Am I nasal strip still on his nose. Am I nasal strip still on his nose. Am I putting too much effort into my putting too much effort into my putting too much effort into my background, and should I just be getting background, and should I just be getting background, and should I just be getting right into it? right into it? right into it? Let me know in the comments what you Let me know in the comments what you Let me know in the comments what you think. On to the next. think. On to the next. think. On to the next. Here is Here is Here is Moritz again. This time what he's Moritz again. This time what he's Moritz again. This time what he's showing you is how he organizes all the showing you is how he organizes all the showing you is how he organizes all the files that his AI keeps on what he's files that his AI keeps on what he's files that his AI keeps on what he's doing so that he has a good internal

[14:18] doing so that he has a good internal doing so that he has a good internal memory system, and how using Jeff he can memory system, and how using Jeff he can memory system, and how using Jeff he can get at his data faster and cheaper. get at his data faster and cheaper. get at his data faster and cheaper. Here's how his files are organized. Here's how his files are organized. Here's how his files are organized. &gt;&gt; A bit more context. My the way my &gt;&gt; A bit more context. My the way my &gt;&gt; A bit more context. My the way my Claudia OS works is, you know, it's Claudia OS works is, you know, it's Claudia OS works is, you know, it's essentially a folder which has a couple essentially a folder which has a couple essentially a folder which has a couple of subfolders, and one of those of subfolders, and one of those of subfolders, and one of those subfolders is this memory folder which subfolders is this memory folder which subfolders is this memory folder which has a bunch of daily memory files where has a bunch of daily memory files where has a bunch of daily memory files where whenever I chat with my AI from inside whenever I chat with my AI from inside whenever I chat with my AI from inside of this folder, it kind of saves what of this folder, it kind of saves what of this folder, it kind of saves what I've been chatting about. And so, this I've been chatting about. And so, this I've been chatting about. And so, this kind of builds this like knowledge base.

[14:48] kind of builds this like knowledge base. kind of builds this like knowledge base. And all of these other folders here are And all of these other folders here are And all of these other folders here are are things that I've built over time, so are things that I've built over time, so are things that I've built over time, so it contains a lot of memory. it contains a lot of memory. it contains a lot of memory. &gt;&gt; And this is the kind of stuff that we &gt;&gt; And this is the kind of stuff that we &gt;&gt; And this is the kind of stuff that we were all told just uh what was it 2 were all told just uh what was it 2 were all told just uh what was it 2 months ago when everyone was talking months ago when everyone was talking months ago when everyone was talking about second brain, add more data, about second brain, add more data, about second brain, add more data, markdown file this, markdown file that. markdown file this, markdown file that. markdown file this, markdown file that. The problem with that is now your LLM in The problem with that is now your LLM in The problem with that is now your LLM in order your agent in order to get you an order your agent in order to get you an order your agent in order to get you an answer to something has to search answer to something has to search answer to something has to search through all of it, which was really through all of it, which was really through all of it, which was really expensive. Let's take a look at what expensive. Let's take a look at what expensive. Let's take a look at what Jeff does with that. Jeff does with that. Jeff does with that. What's the current offer positioning? What's the current offer positioning? What's the current offer positioning? &gt;&gt; He just asked him a question. &gt;&gt; He just asked him a question. &gt;&gt; He just asked him a question. &gt;&gt; It's kind of waiting and asking Jeff.

[15:19] &gt;&gt; It's kind of waiting and asking Jeff. &gt;&gt; It's kind of waiting and asking Jeff. Okay, so now it did the recall, and it Okay, so now it did the recall, and it Okay, so now it did the recall, and it returned what you can see here. So, um returned what you can see here. So, um returned what you can see here. So, um it says 2,756 it says 2,756 it says 2,756 tokens versus 13,000. So, this request tokens versus 13,000. So, this request tokens versus 13,000. So, this request took almost 80% fewer tokens because took almost 80% fewer tokens because took almost 80% fewer tokens because we're using Jeff. And it says here the we're using Jeff. And it says here the we're using Jeff. And it says here the cost of this recall was $0.00297, cost of this recall was $0.00297, cost of this recall was $0.00297, okay? And um it answers the question. okay? And um it answers the question. okay? And um it answers the question. So, it was able to answer the question. So, it was able to answer the question. So, it was able to answer the question. Okay. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; What I really like about Morris's video &gt;&gt; What I really like about Morris's video &gt;&gt; What I really like about Morris's video was he he didn't fully understand this,

[15:51] was he he didn't fully understand this, was he he didn't fully understand this, but he did give us an explanation of how but he did give us an explanation of how but he did give us an explanation of how everything worked by basically going everything worked by basically going everything worked by basically going back into the AI that he was using to back into the AI that he was using to back into the AI that he was using to build this. I forget which one he was build this. I forget which one he was build this. I forget which one he was using. And then saying, "Now, tell me using. And then saying, "Now, tell me using. And then saying, "Now, tell me why did this work? How did it work?" And why did this work? How did it work?" And why did this work? How did it work?" And here's the answer that he got. here's the answer that he got. here's the answer that he got. &gt;&gt; I asked for a quick explanation here. &gt;&gt; I asked for a quick explanation here. &gt;&gt; I asked for a quick explanation here. So, the way it was before, Claudia's So, the way it was before, Claudia's So, the way it was before, Claudia's memory is a folder of markdown files. memory is a folder of markdown files. memory is a folder of markdown files. And the problem is that it's very And the problem is that it's very And the problem is that it's very inefficient the way the LLM is doing it. inefficient the way the LLM is doing it. inefficient the way the LLM is doing it. So, it's basically when I ask a So, it's basically when I ask a So, it's basically when I ask a question, it's like trying to guess question, it's like trying to guess question, it's like trying to guess which file the answer is in based on the which file the answer is in based on the which file the answer is in based on the title of the file. So, it's you know,

[16:21] title of the file. So, it's you know, title of the file. So, it's you know, doing a search for like keywords and doing a search for like keywords and doing a search for like keywords and file names, basically. And then it's file names, basically. And then it's file names, basically. And then it's reading the entire file to see if the reading the entire file to see if the reading the entire file to see if the answer is actually inside of that file. answer is actually inside of that file. answer is actually inside of that file. And then, yeah, it's basically hoping And then, yeah, it's basically hoping And then, yeah, it's basically hoping that it's right, which is, you know, that it's right, which is, you know, that it's right, which is, you know, pretty bad. And if it's writing memory, pretty bad. And if it's writing memory, pretty bad. And if it's writing memory, it's actually even worse. So, when the it's actually even worse. So, when the it's actually even worse. So, when the agent learns something new, it should agent learns something new, it should agent learns something new, it should append something, but it will never append something, but it will never append something, but it will never really know which file it should really know which file it should really know which file it should actually append it to. And usually it actually append it to. And usually it actually append it to. And usually it will just, I guess, append it to the will just, I guess, append it to the will just, I guess, append it to the daily memory file. Yes. daily memory file. Yes. daily memory file. Yes. &gt;&gt; So, these are the problems. Okay, so how

[16:51] &gt;&gt; So, these are the problems. Okay, so how &gt;&gt; So, these are the problems. Okay, so how work with the new system that uh now work with the new system that uh now work with the new system that uh now includes Jeff. So, it doesn't write includes Jeff. So, it doesn't write includes Jeff. So, it doesn't write text. You give it some text. You give it some text. You give it some is the files, a list of sections, a new is the files, a list of sections, a new is the files, a list of sections, a new bullet, and a batch of small typed bullet, and a batch of small typed bullet, and a batch of small typed questions. Yes or no, pick one, score. questions. Yes or no, pick one, score. questions. Yes or no, pick one, score. Okay, so these are like kind of the Okay, so these are like kind of the Okay, so these are like kind of the criteria. And it answers all of them in criteria. And it answers all of them in criteria. And it answers all of them in one request in a few hundred one request in a few hundred one request in a few hundred milliseconds with probabilities. Okay, milliseconds with probabilities. Okay, milliseconds with probabilities. Okay, so it's a judge so it's a judge so it's a judge and not a judge and the code does the

[17:21] and not a judge and the code does the and not a judge and the code does the counting, chunking, and counting, chunking, and counting, chunking, and and that's all makes a small semantic and that's all makes a small semantic and that's all makes a small semantic calls. So, the way I understand calls. So, the way I understand calls. So, the way I understand is is is this new system that this new system that this new system that using Jeff is just able to much more using Jeff is just able to much more using Jeff is just able to much more easily find the right place where the easily find the right place where the easily find the right place where the memory is and it's kind of like doing memory is and it's kind of like doing memory is and it's kind of like doing this search like in parallel and get this search like in parallel and get this search like in parallel and get getting like all of these data points getting like all of these data points getting like all of these data points and then it's able to pinpoint the right and then it's able to pinpoint the right and then it's able to pinpoint the right file where the memory is located much file where the memory is located much file where the memory is located much more efficiently and much more efficiently and much

[17:51] more efficiently and much &gt;&gt; One of the things that I love about him &gt;&gt; One of the things that I love about him &gt;&gt; One of the things that I love about him is that he keeps calling it Jeff. I I is that he keeps calling it Jeff. I I is that he keeps calling it Jeff. I I know he's trying to say Jeff. He's seen know he's trying to say Jeff. He's seen know he's trying to say Jeff. He's seen it. Um and I said earlier I didn't know it. Um and I said earlier I didn't know it. Um and I said earlier I didn't know what he was using. He's using cursor and what he was using. He's using cursor and what he was using. He's using cursor and he's using Fable 5.1 in there um he's using Fable 5.1 in there um he's using Fable 5.1 in there um to build it and to analyze. Let's go on to build it and to analyze. Let's go on to build it and to analyze. Let's go on to the next video. to the next video. to the next video. Here is Greg Eisenberg doing an Here is Greg Eisenberg doing an Here is Greg Eisenberg doing an interview with someone who's using it interview with someone who's using it interview with someone who's using it for video. for video. for video. &gt;&gt; Everyone who makes content is aware of &gt;&gt; Everyone who makes content is aware of &gt;&gt; Everyone who makes content is aware of this issue where you make content and this issue where you make content and this issue where you make content and you make a like a longer form YouTube you make a like a longer form YouTube you make a like a longer form YouTube video or something like that, but you video or something like that, but you video or something like that, but you want clips. And the cool part about this want clips. And the cool part about this want clips. And the cool part about this is So, this right here I'm dragging and

[18:22] is So, this right here I'm dragging and is So, this right here I'm dragging and dropping in a video file and what this dropping in a video file and what this dropping in a video file and what this process is going to do and I'll explain process is going to do and I'll explain process is going to do and I'll explain it really quick is it's going to it really quick is it's going to it really quick is it's going to transcribe the video and get a like word transcribe the video and get a like word transcribe the video and get a like word level transcript of it and then it's level transcript of it and then it's level transcript of it and then it's going to pass that entire thing into going to pass that entire thing into going to pass that entire thing into Jeff with some different classifier Jeff with some different classifier Jeff with some different classifier decisions to find the best clips and decisions to find the best clips and decisions to find the best clips and we'll get to see how quickly it works. we'll get to see how quickly it works. we'll get to see how quickly it works. &gt;&gt; I wonder if I should be using it to find &gt;&gt; I wonder if I should be using it to find &gt;&gt; I wonder if I should be using it to find my clips. my clips. my clips. &gt;&gt; Paste it in, it prepares audio and &gt;&gt; Paste it in, it prepares audio and &gt;&gt; Paste it in, it prepares audio and scores 17 moments in around like 3 scores 17 moments in around like 3 scores 17 moments in around like 3 seconds. And each of these moments are

[18:53] seconds. And each of these moments are seconds. And each of these moments are like one of the interesting parts of the like one of the interesting parts of the like one of the interesting parts of the video. They're not video. They're not video. They're not &gt;&gt; The frustration that I have with this &gt;&gt; The frustration that I have with this &gt;&gt; The frustration that I have with this video is that he didn't show the clips. video is that he didn't show the clips. video is that he didn't show the clips. I've seen people for years talk about I've seen people for years talk about I've seen people for years talk about how great Opus is at using AI to find how great Opus is at using AI to find how great Opus is at using AI to find the right clips in your long-form the right clips in your long-form the right clips in your long-form content. Meanwhile, I've tried it so content. Meanwhile, I've tried it so content. Meanwhile, I've tried it so many times and it's always junk. They many times and it's always junk. They many times and it's always junk. They the people who created, I believe, do the people who created, I believe, do the people who created, I believe, do not sit and watch it. I don't know if not sit and watch it. I don't know if not sit and watch it. I don't know if this is any good. I would have loved for this is any good. I would have loved for this is any good. I would have loved for him to say, "This is what it does. Now, him to say, "This is what it does. Now, him to say, "This is what it does. Now, let me hit play and show you." let me hit play and show you." let me hit play and show you." Um okay. Um okay. Um okay. But, it's worth a shot for me

[19:25] But, it's worth a shot for me But, it's worth a shot for me to try it, too. Oh, you know what? to try it, too. Oh, you know what? to try it, too. Oh, you know what? Let's take a look at this quick hit Let's take a look at this quick hit Let's take a look at this quick hit here. here. here. &gt;&gt; That's pretty slick. Now, the last &gt;&gt; That's pretty slick. Now, the last &gt;&gt; That's pretty slick. Now, the last example I have here is with my smart example I have here is with my smart example I have here is with my smart home. So, I hooked this up to the Home home. So, I hooked this up to the Home home. So, I hooked this up to the Home Assistant MCP, and I actually have a Assistant MCP, and I actually have a Assistant MCP, and I actually have a light back there that is uh controlled light back there that is uh controlled light back there that is uh controlled by Home Assistant. So, I can ask it to by Home Assistant. So, I can ask it to by Home Assistant. So, I can ask it to turn it on and off. So, I'll say, "Turn turn it on and off. So, I'll say, "Turn turn it on and off. So, I'll say, "Turn off the top bulb." off the top bulb." off the top bulb." Instant. Instant. Instant. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; And so, there's no there's no movie &gt;&gt; And so, there's no there's no movie &gt;&gt; And so, there's no there's no movie magic here. This is the other cool thing magic here. This is the other cool thing magic here. This is the other cool thing about how fast this is. Like, if I were about how fast this is. Like, if I were about how fast this is. Like, if I were to ask an LLM this, it might respond to ask an LLM this, it might respond to ask an LLM this, it might respond with a tool call and then have to call with a tool call and then have to call with a tool call and then have to call the tool call. This took 300

[19:55] the tool call. This took 300 the tool call. This took 300 milliseconds. milliseconds. milliseconds. &gt;&gt; Now, most people will not think this is &gt;&gt; Now, most people will not think this is &gt;&gt; Now, most people will not think this is amazing. A few people who have Alexa-run amazing. A few people who have Alexa-run amazing. A few people who have Alexa-run devices, like lights in their homes, devices, like lights in their homes, devices, like lights in their homes, will know exactly why this is amazing. will know exactly why this is amazing. will know exactly why this is amazing. How many times do I say, "Alexa, turn on How many times do I say, "Alexa, turn on How many times do I say, "Alexa, turn on the outdoor lights." and it the outdoor lights." and it the outdoor lights." and it [clears throat] just waits. And I'm [clears throat] just waits. And I'm [clears throat] just waits. And I'm like, "Did I get it right?" Meanwhile, I like, "Did I get it right?" Meanwhile, I like, "Did I get it right?" Meanwhile, I have my guests over and do that Will the have my guests over and do that Will the have my guests over and do that Will the light go on? Will it go off? And do I light go on? Will it go off? And do I light go on? Will it go off? And do I look like a fool? And for a few seconds, look like a fool? And for a few seconds, look like a fool? And for a few seconds, I do look like a fool. And then, even I do look like a fool. And then, even I do look like a fool. And then, even when it works, all they remember is when it works, all they remember is when it works, all they remember is Andrew does this foolish thing instead Andrew does this foolish thing instead Andrew does this foolish thing instead of just hitting the switch, which works of just hitting the switch, which works of just hitting the switch, which works instantly.

[20:25] instantly. instantly. This is fast, and I should say, I don't This is fast, and I should say, I don't This is fast, and I should say, I don't think this is the right use for Jev, think this is the right use for Jev, think this is the right use for Jev, though. I actually interviewed the though. I actually interviewed the though. I actually interviewed the founder of Needle, which is similar to founder of Needle, which is similar to founder of Needle, which is similar to how Jev works, but it's so small that how Jev works, but it's so small that how Jev works, but it's so small that you can put it on device that I would you can put it on device that I would you can put it on device that I would love to see Alec love to see Alec love to see Alec love to see the A-word put it into its love to see the A-word put it into its love to see the A-word put it into its own device and make it work. And if they own device and make it work. And if they own device and make it work. And if they won't over at Amazon, you could into the won't over at Amazon, you could into the won't over at Amazon, you could into the software and the hardware that you software and the hardware that you software and the hardware that you build. But, essentially, what we're build. But, essentially, what we're build. But, essentially, what we're looking at here is a much better way to looking at here is a much better way to looking at here is a much better way to interact with devices like this, because interact with devices like this, because interact with devices like this, because it's a yes or no. Light on, yes or no. it's a yes or no. Light on, yes or no. it's a yes or no. Light on, yes or no. Let's go on.

[20:55] Let's go on. Let's go on. Final one Final one Final one um from Eric Seu here. No, no, this is um from Eric Seu here. No, no, this is um from Eric Seu here. No, no, this is the penultimate, the one before. What I the penultimate, the one before. What I the penultimate, the one before. What I like about Eric here is he is not like about Eric here is he is not like about Eric here is he is not running it in Claude. He is is running running it in Claude. He is is running running it in Claude. He is is running it in a regular tool. What you're seeing it in a regular tool. What you're seeing it in a regular tool. What you're seeing up on the screen is um uh Grokbot. On up on the screen is um uh Grokbot. On up on the screen is um uh Grokbot. On the left is the chat, on the right is the left is the chat, on the right is the left is the chat, on the right is the setup for Grokbot where you give it the setup for Grokbot where you give it the setup for Grokbot where you give it a name, where you give it a description a name, where you give it a description a name, where you give it a description of what it does, and so on. Um and what of what it does, and so on. Um and what of what it does, and so on. Um and what he's using it for is an understanding of he's using it for is an understanding of he's using it for is an understanding of content ideas that will help him with content ideas that will help him with content ideas that will help him with search engine optimization and answer

[21:26] search engine optimization and answer search engine optimization and answer uh agent answer age engine optimization. uh agent answer age engine optimization. uh agent answer age engine optimization. Okay, here goes. Okay, here goes. Okay, here goes. &gt;&gt; So, I've added a massive upgrade to my &gt;&gt; So, I've added a massive upgrade to my &gt;&gt; So, I've added a massive upgrade to my AEO SEO bot inside of Grokbot. So, you AEO SEO bot inside of Grokbot. So, you AEO SEO bot inside of Grokbot. So, you can see what this does is it looks for can see what this does is it looks for can see what this does is it looks for ideas to mine from basically all the ideas to mine from basically all the ideas to mine from basically all the content that I've been putting out or content that I've been putting out or content that I've been putting out or maybe internal calls that we've been maybe internal calls that we've been maybe internal calls that we've been having or customer calls, sales calls, having or customer calls, sales calls, having or customer calls, sales calls, things like that. It looks for content things like that. It looks for content things like that. It looks for content spikes, right? And it gives me a set of spikes, right? And it gives me a set of spikes, right? And it gives me a set of ideas to look ideas to look ideas to look &gt;&gt; Okay, so it can do that. &gt;&gt; Okay, so it can do that. &gt;&gt; Okay, so it can do that. &gt;&gt; And so, it gave 40 ideas here. And what &gt;&gt; And so, it gave 40 ideas here. And what &gt;&gt; And so, it gave 40 ideas here. And what Jev did was it evaluated. It said, "Hey, Jev did was it evaluated. It said, "Hey, Jev did was it evaluated. It said, "Hey, do we already have similar content?" So,

[21:57] do we already have similar content?" So, do we already have similar content?" So, here's 40 ideas. It shortlisted 10. Um here's 40 ideas. It shortlisted 10. Um here's 40 ideas. It shortlisted 10. Um so, it eliminated 30 off the off off the so, it eliminated 30 off the off off the so, it eliminated 30 off the off off the the the bat. And it said, "Hey, um you the the bat. And it said, "Hey, um you the the bat. And it said, "Hey, um you know, is this type of content already know, is this type of content already know, is this type of content already live on your website already?" Okay, live on your website already?" Okay, live on your website already?" Okay, right? And so, I can kind of fix the right? And so, I can kind of fix the right? And so, I can kind of fix the evals here, but this is its first pass evals here, but this is its first pass evals here, but this is its first pass at it and I didn't really give it any at it and I didn't really give it any at it and I didn't really give it any guidance. So, guidance. So, guidance. So, so it saying, "Hey, this is already so it saying, "Hey, this is already so it saying, "Hey, this is already live." It gives the justification for live." It gives the justification for live." It gives the justification for it. And then from here, I'm just like, it. And then from here, I'm just like, it. And then from here, I'm just like, "Okay, I can I just quickly look at it." "Okay, I can I just quickly look at it." "Okay, I can I just quickly look at it." And I can say, "Okay, well, um And I can say, "Okay, well, um And I can say, "Okay, well, um let's just go for these over here." let's just go for these over here." let's just go for these over here." Also, but here's a compare table. And we Also, but here's a compare table. And we Also, but here's a compare table. And we can just see that um now it's it's

[22:28] can just see that um now it's it's can just see that um now it's it's basically drafting it and it's putting basically drafting it and it's putting basically drafting it and it's putting it into uh here the the the drafts. I it into uh here the the the drafts. I it into uh here the the the drafts. I can just review it afterwards. I'm so

[23:01] &gt;&gt; his video. I didn't know that I could &gt;&gt; his video. I didn't know that I could add in codex into my Grok bot or Opus add in codex into my Grok bot or Opus add in codex into my Grok bot or Opus and all the all the Anthropic models and all the all the Anthropic models and all the all the Anthropic models until I complained that my bill was until I complained that my bill was until I complained that my bill was crazy last week and then a bunch of crazy last week and then a bunch of crazy last week and then a bunch of people said, you can do it and none of people said, you can do it and none of people said, you can do it and none of them told me how. They just said, go ask them told me how. They just said, go ask them told me how. They just said, go ask your agent and they were right, too. Any your agent and they were right, too. Any your agent and they were right, too. Any explanation they would have given me explanation they would have given me explanation they would have given me would have been a a waste of time. I would have been a a waste of time. I would have been a a waste of time. I just asked my agent, you do the same just asked my agent, you do the same just asked my agent, you do the same thing with this. It'll take it on and thing with this. It'll take it on and thing with this. It'll take it on and it'll add it. All you need to know from it'll add it. All you need to know from it'll add it. All you need to know from here is it is possible and it can here is it is possible and it can here is it is possible and it can actually help you with your content actually help you with your content actually help you with your content ideas for search engine optimization or ideas for search engine optimization or ideas for search engine optimization or other uses. Finally, let's look at what other uses. Finally, let's look at what other uses. Finally, let's look at what it doesn't do well. I like this fail. I

[23:32] it doesn't do well. I like this fail. I it doesn't do well. I like this fail. I love all fails, they teach a lot. Here love all fails, they teach a lot. Here love all fails, they teach a lot. Here we are. we are. we are. &gt;&gt; I wanted to see if I could hook Jeff up &gt;&gt; I wanted to see if I could hook Jeff up &gt;&gt; I wanted to see if I could hook Jeff up to a Bitcoin signal. So, basically, to a Bitcoin signal. So, basically, to a Bitcoin signal. So, basically, every minute it would run and it would every minute it would run and it would every minute it would run and it would have this decision mix right here where have this decision mix right here where have this decision mix right here where it would tell me to buy, hold, or sell. it would tell me to buy, hold, or sell. it would tell me to buy, hold, or sell. And it does not seem to be doing well, And it does not seem to be doing well, And it does not seem to be doing well, which shows that this model is great, which shows that this model is great, which shows that this model is great, but it does have some regressions. I but it does have some regressions. I but it does have some regressions. I would not put this model in front of would not put this model in front of would not put this model in front of like your stock portfolio or Bitcoin or like your stock portfolio or Bitcoin or like your stock portfolio or Bitcoin or anything like that. This is just for anything like that. This is just for anything like that. This is just for like routing or other sort of decisions like routing or other sort of decisions like routing or other sort of decisions like like like &gt;&gt; Okay, fair enough. I think that he could

[24:03] &gt;&gt; Okay, fair enough. I think that he could &gt;&gt; Okay, fair enough. I think that he could have done a little bit better with this, have done a little bit better with this, have done a little bit better with this, but still I like the the I mean I I but still I like the the I mean I I but still I like the the I mean I I don't think that him tweaking it don't think that him tweaking it don't think that him tweaking it what was it a day after the thing what was it a day after the thing what was it a day after the thing launched was enough for him to launched was enough for him to launched was enough for him to understand whether it could do it or understand whether it could do it or understand whether it could do it or not, but I do think that the big lesson not, but I do think that the big lesson not, but I do think that the big lesson here is don't just give it your stock here is don't just give it your stock here is don't just give it your stock portfolio and expect it to do to do portfolio and expect it to do to do portfolio and expect it to do to do magic on it. It's a decision-making magic on it. It's a decision-making magic on it. It's a decision-making machine based on your criteria that machine based on your criteria that machine based on your criteria that let's face it, not that you give it, but let's face it, not that you give it, but let's face it, not that you give it, but that your agent gives it. All right, if that your agent gives it. All right, if that your agent gives it. All right, if you like this, I have another video for you like this, I have another video for you like this, I have another video for you right on the screen. I'm looking you right on the screen. I'm looking you right on the screen. I'm looking forward to you subscribing and seeing

[24:33] forward to you subscribing and seeing forward to you subscribing and seeing more of these reaction videos that I do more of these reaction videos that I do more of these reaction videos that I do and I'll see you in the next video and I'll see you in the next video and I'll see you in the next video that's on the screen.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=pxaMzr7al3I
