# Transcript: Agents and humans can work together!

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTbyRKO0hxs
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 20:38 · Words: 13207
Other available languages: a-pt (pt) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/bTbyRKO0hxs.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=bTbyRKO0hxs

## Transcript
[0:01] No one's talking about the biggest news No one's talking about the biggest news of the week and that is you can finally of the week and that is you can finally of the week and that is you can finally bring your AI agent into conversations bring your AI agent into conversations bring your AI agent into conversations with human beings. So now your agent is with human beings. So now your agent is with human beings. So now your agent is more like a real human team member on more like a real human team member on more like a real human team member on your team. I'm going to show you three your team. I'm going to show you three your team. I'm going to show you three different ways to do it. Let's get different ways to do it. Let's get different ways to do it. Let's get started. Presented by Zapier, the AI started. Presented by Zapier, the AI started. Presented by Zapier, the AI automation company. I'm going to show automation company. I'm going to show automation company. I'm going to show you right now how to add your team and you right now how to add your team and you right now how to add your team and bots together in Grockbot. All you do is bots together in Grockbot. All you do is bots together in Grockbot. All you do is you come into the plus where you usually you come into the plus where you usually you come into the plus where you usually would add and then instead of creating a would add and then instead of creating a would add and then instead of creating a new bot, you say you're creating a new new bot, you say you're creating a new new bot, you say you're creating a new team bot. Oh, here it is. I'm going to team bot. Oh, here it is. I'm going to team bot. Oh, here it is. I'm going to go to team bot. You can see I've already go to team bot. You can see I've already go to team bot. You can see I've already created a few. We're going to create a

[0:31] created a few. We're going to create a created a few. We're going to create a new bot. You give it a name. Uh I'm new bot. You give it a name. Uh I'm new bot. You give it a name. Uh I'm actually going to show you one that I actually going to show you one that I actually going to show you one that I did before so that you can see exactly did before so that you can see exactly did before so that you can see exactly how it works. It goes, "Hi, I'm your new how it works. It goes, "Hi, I'm your new how it works. It goes, "Hi, I'm your new bot." I go, "Got it. I'm um" and I tell bot." I go, "Got it. I'm um" and I tell bot." I go, "Got it. I'm um" and I tell it, "Your name is Finn and you're going it, "Your name is Finn and you're going it, "Your name is Finn and you're going to help us with our finances." And says, to help us with our finances." And says, to help us with our finances." And says, "Let's get started." And then it shows "Let's get started." And then it shows "Let's get started." And then it shows this is really interesting. It shows this is really interesting. It shows this is really interesting. It shows some of the connections that I already some of the connections that I already some of the connections that I already gave Grockbot. And it's saying, "I think gave Grockbot. And it's saying, "I think gave Grockbot. And it's saying, "I think you're going to want these connections you're going to want these connections you're going to want these connections for the task that I've got here for you for the task that I've got here for you for the task that I've got here for you and your team. Which do you want?" And and your team. Which do you want?" And and your team. Which do you want?" And so you can see I said, "All right, you so you can see I said, "All right, you so you can see I said, "All right, you need notion for that. You don't need need notion for that. You don't need need notion for that. You don't need Gmail. I don't want the team having

[1:01] Gmail. I don't want the team having Gmail. I don't want the team having access to my Gmail through this bot. I I access to my Gmail through this bot. I I access to my Gmail through this bot. I I do want to give them Slack. I do want to do want to give them Slack. I do want to do want to give them Slack. I do want to give them Zap year." I hit done. It give them Zap year." I hit done. It give them Zap year." I hit done. It goes, "Great. Got it." And then it says, goes, "Great. Got it." And then it says, goes, "Great. Got it." And then it says, "I have some secrets that you've given "I have some secrets that you've given "I have some secrets that you've given me before. Which of these do you want to me before. Which of these do you want to me before. Which of these do you want to share?" I said, "None." And then it share?" I said, "None." And then it share?" I said, "None." And then it says, "Okay, great. No secrets for now." says, "Okay, great. No secrets for now." says, "Okay, great. No secrets for now." And then it goes, "Here are the skills And then it goes, "Here are the skills And then it goes, "Here are the skills that you have compiled for yourself. that you have compiled for yourself. that you have compiled for yourself. Which of these skills do you want to Which of these skills do you want to Which of these skills do you want to give to the team?" I said, "None." I give to the team?" I said, "None." I give to the team?" I said, "None." I said, "Great." And then it said, "Files. said, "Great." And then it said, "Files. said, "Great." And then it said, "Files. Which files do you want me to have Which files do you want me to have Which files do you want me to have access to for the team? I guess if we access to for the team? I guess if we access to for the team? I guess if we had old records, old finance documents

[1:31] had old records, old finance documents had old records, old finance documents or something, I would give it. I decided or something, I would give it. I decided or something, I would give it. I decided not to give it any. It says great, no not to give it any. It says great, no not to give it any. It says great, no files for now. Publishing. Uh, and then files for now. Publishing. Uh, and then files for now. Publishing. Uh, and then it said, "Press a button to publish." I it said, "Press a button to publish." I it said, "Press a button to publish." I published. I made it available to the published. I made it available to the published. I made it available to the team. Here's what happens. I cannot team. Here's what happens. I cannot team. Here's what happens. I cannot bring Lauren now into this chat to bring Lauren now into this chat to bring Lauren now into this chat to communicate with this to add more communicate with this to add more communicate with this to add more features. I am now the boss of this features. I am now the boss of this features. I am now the boss of this agent and I talk to this agent only agent and I talk to this agent only agent and I talk to this agent only through here. Lauren cannot. What Lauren through here. Lauren cannot. What Lauren through here. Lauren cannot. What Lauren can do now is Lauren can see this on my can do now is Lauren can see this on my can do now is Lauren can see this on my team and say, "Okay, I've got Finn.

[2:01] team and say, "Okay, I've got Finn. team and say, "Okay, I've got Finn. Andrew created this bot for me to ask Andrew created this bot for me to ask Andrew created this bot for me to ask financial questions." But she talks to financial questions." But she talks to financial questions." But she talks to it separately. I talk to it separately. it separately. I talk to it separately. it separately. I talk to it separately. And Ben on our team, if he has access, And Ben on our team, if he has access, And Ben on our team, if he has access, we'll talk to it separately. That is a we'll talk to it separately. That is a we'll talk to it separately. That is a problem and the limitation of the problem and the limitation of the problem and the limitation of the software. One, that it's not made for software. One, that it's not made for software. One, that it's not made for multiplayer chat in here, Alex. And the multiplayer chat in here, Alex. And the multiplayer chat in here, Alex. And the second that they can't see the questions second that they can't see the questions second that they can't see the questions that I'm asking it. So, all I'm doing is that I'm asking it. So, all I'm doing is that I'm asking it. So, all I'm doing is creating a tool for the team. I'm going creating a tool for the team. I'm going creating a tool for the team. I'm going to show you my workaround for this to show you my workaround for this to show you my workaround for this because I think it is important to bring because I think it is important to bring because I think it is important to bring teammates in. But does this make sense teammates in. But does this make sense teammates in. But does this make sense to you so far? to you so far? to you so far? &gt;&gt; It does. Certainly very limited. I mean,

[2:32] &gt;&gt; It does. Certainly very limited. I mean, &gt;&gt; It does. Certainly very limited. I mean, better than, you know, having like a better than, you know, having like a better than, you know, having like a skill file that was otherwise local to skill file that was otherwise local to skill file that was otherwise local to your computer maybe now that people are your computer maybe now that people are your computer maybe now that people are going to pull into their local machine going to pull into their local machine going to pull into their local machine or something like that. It's an upgrade or something like that. It's an upgrade or something like that. It's an upgrade from that, but we want to really treat from that, but we want to really treat from that, but we want to really treat these agents as co-workers, right? And these agents as co-workers, right? And these agents as co-workers, right? And that means actually bringing them into a that means actually bringing them into a that means actually bringing them into a collaborative environment that's more collaborative environment that's more collaborative environment that's more like a Slack channel. We've been like a Slack channel. We've been like a Slack channel. We've been thinking about doing that on literal thinking about doing that on literal thinking about doing that on literal Slack channels where everybody can Slack channels where everybody can Slack channels where everybody can message that agent. We've also got some message that agent. We've also got some message that agent. We've also got some of our our own uh kind of collaboration of our our own uh kind of collaboration of our our own uh kind of collaboration surfaces that we're calling rooms that

[3:03] surfaces that we're calling rooms that surfaces that we're calling rooms that I'll I'll show you in a second here. But I'll I'll show you in a second here. But I'll I'll show you in a second here. But yeah, let's see what else you had here. yeah, let's see what else you had here. yeah, let's see what else you had here. &gt;&gt; Here's my workaround for it. I decided I &gt;&gt; Here's my workaround for it. I decided I &gt;&gt; Here's my workaround for it. I decided I would add it into Slack so that we can would add it into Slack so that we can would add it into Slack so that we can collaborate there. Now, the upside of collaborate there. Now, the upside of collaborate there. Now, the upside of Slack is we can all chat in a single Slack is we can all chat in a single Slack is we can all chat in a single chat with it. The downside of it is I am chat with it. The downside of it is I am chat with it. The downside of it is I am still the only manager and nobody else still the only manager and nobody else still the only manager and nobody else can can do anything on this can can do anything on this can can do anything on this &gt;&gt; and if I kill my account, this agent is &gt;&gt; and if I kill my account, this agent is &gt;&gt; and if I kill my account, this agent is gone. So, it set it up. It It said just gone. So, it set it up. It It said just gone. So, it set it up. It It said just click this to connect to workspace. I click this to connect to workspace. I click this to connect to workspace. I clicked it. It was one button on on clicked it. It was one button on on clicked it. It was one button on on Slack to give it permission. It um and I

[3:34] Slack to give it permission. It um and I Slack to give it permission. It um and I said, "Okay, great. Your connection. How said, "Okay, great. Your connection. How said, "Okay, great. Your connection. How do we at mention you?" It said, "I want do we at mention you?" It said, "I want do we at mention you?" It said, "I want you to since my name is Finn, invite at you to since my name is Finn, invite at you to since my name is Finn, invite at Finn in." I had a little bit of trouble Finn in." I had a little bit of trouble Finn in." I had a little bit of trouble doing that, but not a big deal. I didn't doing that, but not a big deal. I didn't doing that, but not a big deal. I didn't realize that I have to hit at and then realize that I have to hit at and then realize that I have to hit at and then select Finn from the menu. I just copied select Finn from the menu. I just copied select Finn from the menu. I just copied and pasted it. But once I did that, I and pasted it. But once I did that, I and pasted it. But once I did that, I was in. I could click this to get was in. I could click this to get was in. I could click this to get access. Let me now show you what that access. Let me now show you what that access. Let me now show you what that looks like. looks like. looks like. &gt;&gt; Okay. And now you could see I just said &gt;&gt; Okay. And now you could see I just said &gt;&gt; Okay. And now you could see I just said at Finn, can you see this? And it said, at Finn, can you see this? And it said, at Finn, can you see this? And it said, yep, I can see this at Andrew. I'm in yep, I can see this at Andrew. I'm in yep, I can see this at Andrew. I'm in finance. And it said finance is now the

[4:04] finance. And it said finance is now the finance. And it said finance is now the private chat where we can all talk. And private chat where we can all talk. And private chat where we can all talk. And now I can add people into this. And I now I can add people into this. And I now I can add people into this. And I think there I have Lauren and me in think there I have Lauren and me in think there I have Lauren and me in here. And this is the name that I've here. And this is the name that I've here. And this is the name that I've given all my Grockbot agents. So we can given all my Grockbot agents. So we can given all my Grockbot agents. So we can still communicate in here, but it's still communicate in here, but it's still communicate in here, but it's limited. It's a next step forward. I limited. It's a next step forward. I limited. It's a next step forward. I wanted to have you on because we have wanted to have you on because we have wanted to have you on because we have hyper agent in our in our Slack hyper agent in our in our Slack hyper agent in our in our Slack channels, but we also use it directly in channels, but we also use it directly in channels, but we also use it directly in Hyper Agent and we have multiple people Hyper Agent and we have multiple people Hyper Agent and we have multiple people managing it. I thought you could show managing it. I thought you could show managing it. I thought you could show the alternative and then we could end by the alternative and then we could end by the alternative and then we could end by me showing what it looks like on the me showing what it looks like on the me showing what it looks like on the more babyish version with dots from chat

[4:35] more babyish version with dots from chat more babyish version with dots from chat GPT. So take it away. Show the screen. GPT. So take it away. Show the screen. GPT. So take it away. Show the screen. Let's do it, man. Okay, cool. Let me Let's do it, man. Okay, cool. Let me Let's do it, man. Okay, cool. Let me show you what we've been working on. show you what we've been working on. show you what we've been working on. We're calling this rooms. And so what We're calling this rooms. And so what We're calling this rooms. And so what you just showed is actually very similar you just showed is actually very similar you just showed is actually very similar to where we were with Hyper Agent about to where we were with Hyper Agent about to where we were with Hyper Agent about 3 months ago where you would create your 3 months ago where you would create your 3 months ago where you would create your agent on the Hyper Agent app and then agent on the Hyper Agent app and then agent on the Hyper Agent app and then you would let it go to work in Slack. Uh you would let it go to work in Slack. Uh you would let it go to work in Slack. Uh that was powerful, but it had some that was powerful, but it had some that was powerful, but it had some limitations. We kind of felt like we and limitations. We kind of felt like we and limitations. We kind of felt like we and our users were sort of like renting or our users were sort of like renting or our users were sort of like renting or borrowing the actual place where we were

[5:07] borrowing the actual place where we were borrowing the actual place where we were working together from Slack and we we working together from Slack and we we working together from Slack and we we like Slack. We're a Slack partner. We like Slack. We're a Slack partner. We like Slack. We're a Slack partner. We continue to support it, but we felt like continue to support it, but we felt like continue to support it, but we felt like we could upgrade the experience a lot by we could upgrade the experience a lot by we could upgrade the experience a lot by building out our own surface and we're building out our own surface and we're building out our own surface and we're calling that rooms. And so it has some calling that rooms. And so it has some calling that rooms. And so it has some similarities. What I'm showing you right similarities. What I'm showing you right similarities. What I'm showing you right now is actually our demo uh environment now is actually our demo uh environment now is actually our demo uh environment of Rooms which was our first prototype of Rooms which was our first prototype of Rooms which was our first prototype of it which is of course built by our of it which is of course built by our of it which is of course built by our own agents. And you can see that there's own agents. And you can see that there's own agents. And you can see that there's like there's a a level of clarity to the like there's a a level of clarity to the like there's a a level of clarity to the experience of having multiple agents, experience of having multiple agents, experience of having multiple agents, multiple humans working together in one

[5:38] multiple humans working together in one multiple humans working together in one dedicated space as opposed to Slack, a dedicated space as opposed to Slack, a dedicated space as opposed to Slack, a great product, but of course was built great product, but of course was built great product, but of course was built for human collaboration first and for human collaboration first and for human collaboration first and foremost. They're doing some interesting foremost. They're doing some interesting foremost. They're doing some interesting things now to kind of welcome agents things now to kind of welcome agents things now to kind of welcome agents into Slack, but it is taking some time. into Slack, but it is taking some time. into Slack, but it is taking some time. And we felt like, hey, we we really want And we felt like, hey, we we really want And we felt like, hey, we we really want to own the multi- aent, multihuman to own the multi- aent, multihuman to own the multi- aent, multihuman experience. will continue to have Slack experience. will continue to have Slack experience. will continue to have Slack as the option, but what does it really as the option, but what does it really as the option, but what does it really look like if you design for human and look like if you design for human and look like if you design for human and agent collaboration first and foremost? agent collaboration first and foremost? agent collaboration first and foremost? So, that's kind of just like the overall So, that's kind of just like the overall So, that's kind of just like the overall concept of rooms. I wanted to flash this concept of rooms. I wanted to flash this concept of rooms. I wanted to flash this demo first quickly because it it's all

[6:09] demo first quickly because it it's all demo first quickly because it it's all set up to just show a bunch of agents set up to just show a bunch of agents set up to just show a bunch of agents and a bunch of humans working together. and a bunch of humans working together. and a bunch of humans working together. They're they're sharing deliverables, They're they're sharing deliverables, They're they're sharing deliverables, sharing work, delegating work back and sharing work, delegating work back and sharing work, delegating work back and forth. I'm actually going to share forth. I'm actually going to share forth. I'm actually going to share behind the scenes of some of our real behind the scenes of some of our real behind the scenes of some of our real rooms that we use at Hyper Agent to run rooms that we use at Hyper Agent to run rooms that we use at Hyper Agent to run hyper agent marketing, Andrew, if that hyper agent marketing, Andrew, if that hyper agent marketing, Andrew, if that would be interesting to you. would be interesting to you. would be interesting to you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then I also want to see how &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then I also want to see how &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then I also want to see how you create the agents and share them you create the agents and share them you create the agents and share them with a team and how somebody on my team, with a team and how somebody on my team, with a team and how somebody on my team, not me, or in addition to me, can manage not me, or in addition to me, can manage not me, or in addition to me, can manage the agent because it's important that the agent because it's important that the agent because it's important that I'm not the only one constantly being

[6:39] I'm not the only one constantly being I'm not the only one constantly being told, "Andrew, we need to add this told, "Andrew, we need to add this told, "Andrew, we need to add this feature. Andrew that skill." Okay. feature. Andrew that skill." Okay. feature. Andrew that skill." Okay. &gt;&gt; Now you're just Yeah. you you're like uh &gt;&gt; Now you're just Yeah. you you're like uh &gt;&gt; Now you're just Yeah. you you're like uh you're cursed by your own creation where you're cursed by your own creation where you're cursed by your own creation where you built this awesome thing for your you built this awesome thing for your you built this awesome thing for your team but now you're you're cursed with team but now you're you're cursed with team but now you're you're cursed with all the maintenance of it. Yeah, we we all the maintenance of it. Yeah, we we all the maintenance of it. Yeah, we we want to stay away from that. So these want to stay away from that. So these want to stay away from that. So these are rooms in hyper agent. This is a real are rooms in hyper agent. This is a real are rooms in hyper agent. This is a real room that we use internally to run all room that we use internally to run all room that we use internally to run all of our paid ads. We have a team of of our paid ads. We have a team of of our paid ads. We have a team of agents that each have different jobs agents that each have different jobs agents that each have different jobs around paid ads. We have one that is around paid ads. We have one that is around paid ads. We have one that is more uh of the actual kind of analytical more uh of the actual kind of analytical more uh of the actual kind of analytical performance marketing manager. That

[7:10] performance marketing manager. That performance marketing manager. That agent here is called funnel. We have one agent here is called funnel. We have one agent here is called funnel. We have one that is more of this kind of uh big that is more of this kind of uh big that is more of this kind of uh big thinking, bold thinking, creative. They thinking, bold thinking, creative. They thinking, bold thinking, creative. They work together. They have different skill work together. They have different skill work together. They have different skill sets and personalities. And I can tag sets and personalities. And I can tag sets and personalities. And I can tag them into threads here and they go to them into threads here and they go to them into threads here and they go to work. So here's a question that we had work. So here's a question that we had work. So here's a question that we had for funnel about some of the more for funnel about some of the more for funnel about some of the more intricate mechanics of how to set up our intricate mechanics of how to set up our intricate mechanics of how to set up our ads for proper attribution. I started ads for proper attribution. I started ads for proper attribution. I started the thread, but then look, my teammate the thread, but then look, my teammate the thread, but then look, my teammate here had a question for funnel as a here had a question for funnel as a here had a question for funnel as a follow-up, and he was able to ask it follow-up, and he was able to ask it follow-up, and he was able to ask it right directly in that thread. And I can

[7:40] right directly in that thread. And I can right directly in that thread. And I can see that whole conversation. This is all see that whole conversation. This is all see that whole conversation. This is all one back and forth with the agent. There one back and forth with the agent. There one back and forth with the agent. There was a little bit of a deeper uh was a little bit of a deeper uh was a little bit of a deeper uh technical question with this one. So we technical question with this one. So we technical question with this one. So we added in our engineer here, Richard. He added in our engineer here, Richard. He added in our engineer here, Richard. He was able to jump in, share some more was able to jump in, share some more was able to jump in, share some more technical detail, which was over my head technical detail, which was over my head technical detail, which was over my head directly with funnel. It's one thread. directly with funnel. It's one thread. directly with funnel. It's one thread. It's not happening on three people's It's not happening on three people's It's not happening on three people's different instances of funnel or three different instances of funnel or three different instances of funnel or three people's different computers. It's one people's different computers. It's one people's different computers. It's one conversation. conversation. conversation. &gt;&gt; That comparison to Grockbot, which did &gt;&gt; That comparison to Grockbot, which did &gt;&gt; That comparison to Grockbot, which did bother me that in the chat I can't bring bother me that in the chat I can't bring bother me that in the chat I can't bring a human being into the chat and talk to a human being into the chat and talk to a human being into the chat and talk to them unless I take it into Slack. Okay,

[8:10] them unless I take it into Slack. Okay, them unless I take it into Slack. Okay, here I can still bring it into Slack in here I can still bring it into Slack in here I can still bring it into Slack in a similar way, but I can bring humans a similar way, but I can bring humans a similar way, but I can bring humans and agents together. And it looks like and agents together. And it looks like and agents together. And it looks like you've got a very Slack-like chat you've got a very Slack-like chat you've got a very Slack-like chat experience in here if I decide to. experience in here if I decide to. experience in here if I decide to. &gt;&gt; There are there are some similarities, &gt;&gt; There are there are some similarities, &gt;&gt; There are there are some similarities, but more importantly for us, there's a but more importantly for us, there's a but more importantly for us, there's a lot of simplifications. There's a lot lot of simplifications. There's a lot lot of simplifications. There's a lot that um Slack Slack is a very mature that um Slack Slack is a very mature that um Slack Slack is a very mature product obviously, right? And so it is product obviously, right? And so it is product obviously, right? And so it is there's a lot going on in Slack that's there's a lot going on in Slack that's there's a lot going on in Slack that's been added and added and added over the been added and added and added over the been added and added and added over the years. And we wanted to strip everything years. And we wanted to strip everything years. And we wanted to strip everything back and say what is the cleanest, back and say what is the cleanest, back and say what is the cleanest, clearest experience that you could have clearest experience that you could have clearest experience that you could have for multi-agent, multihuman for multi-agent, multihuman for multi-agent, multihuman communication. And where we got to uh is

[8:41] communication. And where we got to uh is communication. And where we got to uh is what you're looking at here with rooms. what you're looking at here with rooms. what you're looking at here with rooms. One thing that's actually so interesting One thing that's actually so interesting One thing that's actually so interesting that I wanted to show you is watching that I wanted to show you is watching that I wanted to show you is watching the agents actually work together. So the agents actually work together. So the agents actually work together. So you can see here I tagged a few agents you can see here I tagged a few agents you can see here I tagged a few agents just as if I would kick off a project just as if I would kick off a project just as if I would kick off a project with a few different specialized people. with a few different specialized people. with a few different specialized people. Funnel, creative, and brand were the Funnel, creative, and brand were the Funnel, creative, and brand were the ones in here. ones in here. ones in here. &gt;&gt; And I gave them some context on the ask. &gt;&gt; And I gave them some context on the ask. &gt;&gt; And I gave them some context on the ask. and they start asking for things from and they start asking for things from and they start asking for things from each other. They're coordinating with each other. They're coordinating with each other. They're coordinating with each other. Uh, at some point, another each other. Uh, at some point, another each other. Uh, at some point, another agent actually got tagged in here that agent actually got tagged in here that agent actually got tagged in here that wasn't mentioned in my original thread, wasn't mentioned in my original thread, wasn't mentioned in my original thread, but is in the room. I believe it was

[9:11] but is in the room. I believe it was but is in the room. I believe it was Webbby. Webbby is our website uh manager Webbby. Webbby is our website uh manager Webbby. Webbby is our website uh manager agent. It basically builds the actual agent. It basically builds the actual agent. It basically builds the actual web pages, publishes them. So, you can web pages, publishes them. So, you can web pages, publishes them. So, you can actually watch the agents themselves go actually watch the agents themselves go actually watch the agents themselves go back and forth, too. back and forth, too. back and forth, too. &gt;&gt; I I've got it. I understand it. I don't &gt;&gt; I I've got it. I understand it. I don't &gt;&gt; I I've got it. I understand it. I don't want to take too long with this. Let's want to take too long with this. Let's want to take too long with this. Let's move on then to how is this created and move on then to how is this created and move on then to how is this created and managed by multiple people. managed by multiple people. managed by multiple people. &gt;&gt; Totally. So I'll show you at the agent &gt;&gt; Totally. So I'll show you at the agent &gt;&gt; Totally. So I'll show you at the agent level as well as at the room level. So level as well as at the room level. So level as well as at the room level. So if I click into one of these here like if I click into one of these here like if I click into one of these here like funnel funnel funnel &gt;&gt; and I go over to edit agent settings, &gt;&gt; and I go over to edit agent settings, &gt;&gt; and I go over to edit agent settings, &gt;&gt; you can see who the original creator was

[9:42] &gt;&gt; you can see who the original creator was &gt;&gt; you can see who the original creator was of this agent. This is uh my my uh of this agent. This is uh my my uh of this agent. This is uh my my uh teammate Nate. teammate Nate. teammate Nate. &gt;&gt; But we can all have different levels of &gt;&gt; But we can all have different levels of &gt;&gt; But we can all have different levels of control over this agent. So I believe control over this agent. So I believe control over this agent. So I believe yeah this one here I have full control. yeah this one here I have full control. yeah this one here I have full control. I can go into the system prompt. I can I can go into the system prompt. I can I can go into the system prompt. I can go and configure things on and off. I go and configure things on and off. I go and configure things on and off. I can change the model, set up can change the model, set up can change the model, set up integrations. You'll see that many of integrations. You'll see that many of integrations. You'll see that many of these integrations use Nate's these integrations use Nate's these integrations use Nate's authentication. So to actually push ads authentication. So to actually push ads authentication. So to actually push ads to meta ads, it logs in as Nate. In some to meta ads, it logs in as Nate. In some to meta ads, it logs in as Nate. In some cases, our agents actually will use cases, our agents actually will use cases, our agents actually will use their own accounts we've created for

[10:13] their own accounts we've created for their own accounts we've created for them so that it's totally distinct from them so that it's totally distinct from them so that it's totally distinct from what our accounts have access to. But what our accounts have access to. But what our accounts have access to. But although Nate was the original creator, although Nate was the original creator, although Nate was the original creator, I can also co-own agent. Uh I can also co-own agent. Uh I can also co-own agent. Uh &gt;&gt; how do you create an agent that somebody &gt;&gt; how do you create an agent that somebody &gt;&gt; how do you create an agent that somebody else can co-own and co- co-manage and else can co-own and co- co-manage and else can co-own and co- co-manage and edit? edit? edit? &gt;&gt; Totally. Yeah. Let me show uh let's &gt;&gt; Totally. Yeah. Let me show uh let's &gt;&gt; Totally. Yeah. Let me show uh let's create create a podcast producer agent create create a podcast producer agent create create a podcast producer agent for Andrew Warner. for Andrew Warner. for Andrew Warner. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, what I notice is on the top &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, what I notice is on the top &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, what I notice is on the top left, that's important. I need to go to left, that's important. I need to go to left, that's important. I need to go to that dropown and select one of my team

[10:43] that dropown and select one of my team that dropown and select one of my team uh workspaces instead of my private one. uh workspaces instead of my private one. uh workspaces instead of my private one. And if in my team workspace there are And if in my team workspace there are And if in my team workspace there are multiple people, those multiple people I multiple people, those multiple people I multiple people, those multiple people I think get access to this too. think get access to this too. think get access to this too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. So this is the &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. So this is the &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. So this is the general agent creation experience. And general agent creation experience. And general agent creation experience. And we're creating this agent within the we're creating this agent within the we're creating this agent within the context or the container of a workspace. context or the container of a workspace. context or the container of a workspace. So right now I happen to be in the hyper So right now I happen to be in the hyper So right now I happen to be in the hyper agent go to market team. This could be agent go to market team. This could be agent go to market team. This could be for uh next new thing. This could be for for uh next new thing. This could be for for uh next new thing. This could be for an agency. We actually have AI an agency. We actually have AI an agency. We actually have AI implementation agencies that will use implementation agencies that will use implementation agencies that will use workspaces to organize the work they're

[11:13] workspaces to organize the work they're workspaces to organize the work they're doing for all their clients. So, I want doing for all their clients. So, I want doing for all their clients. So, I want the landscaping business to have a the landscaping business to have a the landscaping business to have a totally separate set of agents than the totally separate set of agents than the totally separate set of agents than the laundromat. But I, as the agency that's laundromat. But I, as the agency that's laundromat. But I, as the agency that's helping them get all that set up, want helping them get all that set up, want helping them get all that set up, want to be able to switch between those. So, to be able to switch between those. So, to be able to switch between those. So, you'll see here in a second as this you'll see here in a second as this you'll see here in a second as this agent config gets set up, we're going to agent config gets set up, we're going to agent config gets set up, we're going to see that uh agent get created. And then see that uh agent get created. And then see that uh agent get created. And then I have control over who else in the I have control over who else in the I have control over who else in the workspace uh can access it versus use workspace uh can access it versus use workspace uh can access it versus use it. So access to be a full editor to be it. So access to be a full editor to be it. So access to be a full editor to be able to control everything or some able to control everything or some able to control everything or some things or just be a user of that agent.

[11:45] things or just be a user of that agent. things or just be a user of that agent. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now you're going to save the &gt;&gt; Okay. Now you're going to save the &gt;&gt; Okay. Now you're going to save the agent. agent. agent. &gt;&gt; Yep. Exactly. So we'll save it to the &gt;&gt; Yep. Exactly. So we'll save it to the &gt;&gt; Yep. Exactly. So we'll save it to the workspace and then from here now our workspace and then from here now our workspace and then from here now our agent's been created and then I can I agent's been created and then I can I agent's been created and then I can I believe it's actually at the workspace believe it's actually at the workspace believe it's actually at the workspace level. Yes. From here, I have different level. Yes. From here, I have different level. Yes. From here, I have different permissions that are set at the permissions that are set at the permissions that are set at the workspace level where, as you can see, workspace level where, as you can see, workspace level where, as you can see, all of us here on the team are all all of us here on the team are all all of us here on the team are all owners. Uh, and then there's a bunch of owners. Uh, and then there's a bunch of owners. Uh, and then there's a bunch of us uh on this workspace that aren't us uh on this workspace that aren't us uh on this workspace that aren't directly on our marketing team. We've directly on our marketing team. We've directly on our marketing team. We've set them up as editors. And then you

[12:16] set them up as editors. And then you set them up as editors. And then you also have the option for someone to just also have the option for someone to just also have the option for someone to just be a member. So, they can just run the be a member. So, they can just run the be a member. So, they can just run the agents, but not actually edit them. agents, but not actually edit them. agents, but not actually edit them. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. One last question, then &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. One last question, then &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. One last question, then I want to show you what uh OpenAI's I want to show you what uh OpenAI's I want to show you what uh OpenAI's agent looks like in comparison to Hyper agent looks like in comparison to Hyper agent looks like in comparison to Hyper Agent and Grockbot. And that is this. I Agent and Grockbot. And that is this. I Agent and Grockbot. And that is this. I just had to go. We use Hyper Agent so just had to go. We use Hyper Agent so just had to go. We use Hyper Agent so much in our team. I had to go and top much in our team. I had to go and top much in our team. I had to go and top off more credits. And I realized it's off more credits. And I realized it's off more credits. And I realized it's not that you're being unfair with the not that you're being unfair with the not that you're being unfair with the credits. It's just that you don't have a credits. It's just that you don't have a credits. It's just that you don't have a subscription. Obviously, when I run out subscription. Obviously, when I run out subscription. Obviously, when I run out of credits on Grockbot or with ChatGpt, of credits on Grockbot or with ChatGpt, of credits on Grockbot or with ChatGpt, my price gets astronomical.

[12:46] my price gets astronomical. my price gets astronomical. You don't have an you don't have your You don't have an you don't have your You don't have an you don't have your own found uh you don't have your own own found uh you don't have your own own found uh you don't have your own models. And so I have to pay per use models. And so I have to pay per use models. And so I have to pay per use there. What do we do? You just came out there. What do we do? You just came out there. What do we do? You just came out with something this week. with something this week. with something this week. &gt;&gt; This is huge. This is something our &gt;&gt; This is huge. This is something our &gt;&gt; This is huge. This is something our users have been asking for and that is a users have been asking for and that is a users have been asking for and that is a massive unlock. massive unlock. massive unlock. &gt;&gt; This is unreal that that uh OpenAI has &gt;&gt; This is unreal that that uh OpenAI has &gt;&gt; This is unreal that that uh OpenAI has allowed this and I'm so this is the most allowed this and I'm so this is the most allowed this and I'm so this is the most exciting thing to have come out of exciting thing to have come out of exciting thing to have come out of OpenAI this week I think. Okay. OpenAI this week I think. Okay. OpenAI this week I think. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're super excited about this &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're super excited about this &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're super excited about this partnership with OpenAI. So we are one partnership with OpenAI. So we are one partnership with OpenAI. So we are one of just a few companies that allow you

[13:16] of just a few companies that allow you of just a few companies that allow you to now sign in with Chat GPT and use the to now sign in with Chat GPT and use the to now sign in with Chat GPT and use the subscription you already pay for. So subscription you already pay for. So subscription you already pay for. So when you sign up to hyper agent, this is when you sign up to hyper agent, this is when you sign up to hyper agent, this is actually now one of the most prominent actually now one of the most prominent actually now one of the most prominent options. And if you're already an options. And if you're already an options. And if you're already an existing hyper agent user, you can jump existing hyper agent user, you can jump existing hyper agent user, you can jump right in here to AI providers and right in here to AI providers and right in here to AI providers and connect your chatbt subscription. Not connect your chatbt subscription. Not connect your chatbt subscription. Not just your API key, you can also do that. just your API key, you can also do that. just your API key, you can also do that. Bring your own key. This is your Bring your own key. This is your Bring your own key. This is your subscription tokens, your subscription subscription tokens, your subscription subscription tokens, your subscription usage. So if if you are already paying usage. So if if you are already paying usage. So if if you are already paying for this subscription, you can now get for this subscription, you can now get for this subscription, you can now get 10x more value out of it by bringing it

[13:48] 10x more value out of it by bringing it 10x more value out of it by bringing it to Hyper Agent as well as a few other to Hyper Agent as well as a few other to Hyper Agent as well as a few other products that were included in the products that were included in the products that were included in the launch. But we're so excited about launch. But we're so excited about launch. But we're so excited about OpenAI opening this up for products like OpenAI opening this up for products like OpenAI opening this up for products like ourselves. It means uh getting more ourselves. It means uh getting more ourselves. It means uh getting more people into the platform able to use it people into the platform able to use it people into the platform able to use it with subscription they're already paying with subscription they're already paying with subscription they're already paying for. For users, they're just getting for. For users, they're just getting for. For users, they're just getting more value out of that Chat GPT plus or more value out of that Chat GPT plus or more value out of that Chat GPT plus or pro subscription. So very very excited pro subscription. So very very excited pro subscription. So very very excited about signin with chat GPT. about signin with chat GPT. about signin with chat GPT. &gt;&gt; You got it. If you have chatbt now &gt;&gt; You got it. If you have chatbt now &gt;&gt; You got it. If you have chatbt now you've got more ways to use the credits you've got more ways to use the credits you've got more ways to use the credits that you're already paying for and this that you're already paying for and this that you're already paying for and this becomes super inexpensive. I don't know becomes super inexpensive. I don't know becomes super inexpensive. I don't know how you guys are going to make money off how you guys are going to make money off how you guys are going to make money off of it. Super inexpensive. Really really

[14:20] of it. Super inexpensive. Really really of it. Super inexpensive. Really really uh this is the best tool I think hyper uh this is the best tool I think hyper uh this is the best tool I think hyper agent is for teams. Let me show you what agent is for teams. Let me show you what agent is for teams. Let me show you what it looks like if I were to use dot it looks like if I were to use dot it looks like if I were to use dot directly from them. So this is my dot directly from them. So this is my dot directly from them. So this is my dot that it came out uh this week. I created that it came out uh this week. I created that it came out uh this week. I created one as quickly as I could. I want to one as quickly as I could. I want to one as quickly as I could. I want to show people how to add Slack into this. show people how to add Slack into this. show people how to add Slack into this. Basically, you can see here, you just go Basically, you can see here, you just go Basically, you can see here, you just go into this check checklist. The call is into this check checklist. The call is into this check checklist. The call is not for making phone calls. It's for not for making phone calls. It's for not for making phone calls. It's for voice conversation with the dot. And voice conversation with the dot. And voice conversation with the dot. And then here, you press that. You follow then here, you press that. You follow then here, you press that. You follow the this little uh um Slack connection. the this little uh um Slack connection. the this little uh um Slack connection. You follow the instructions and then dot

[14:50] You follow the instructions and then dot You follow the instructions and then dot is in your Slack. And then what you is in your Slack. And then what you is in your Slack. And then what you could do is what I did here with Lauren. could do is what I did here with Lauren. could do is what I did here with Lauren. I just created a new chat by going to I just created a new chat by going to I just created a new chat by going to plus like you do for anything else. And plus like you do for anything else. And plus like you do for anything else. And I added dot and Lauren. And now we could I added dot and Lauren. And now we could I added dot and Lauren. And now we could communicate with each other. Let's try. communicate with each other. Let's try. communicate with each other. Let's try. I never even at dotted at dot what can I never even at dotted at dot what can I never even at dotted at dot what can you do here? you do here? you do here? Now the challenge I have here is dot has Now the challenge I have here is dot has Now the challenge I have here is dot has so much of my personal information that so much of my personal information that so much of my personal information that I'm concerned about integrating it in I'm concerned about integrating it in I'm concerned about integrating it in with the whole team. This dot is the

[15:21] with the whole team. This dot is the with the whole team. This dot is the same one as my other um this dot is the same one as my other um this dot is the same one as my other um this dot is the same one as I have in the chat GPT app. same one as I have in the chat GPT app. same one as I have in the chat GPT app. So it feels a little bit too much like So it feels a little bit too much like So it feels a little bit too much like my personal stuff. And now that I'm my personal stuff. And now that I'm my personal stuff. And now that I'm seeing it, it doesn't work directly for seeing it, it doesn't work directly for seeing it, it doesn't work directly for some reason. I I connected you. Let's some reason. I I connected you. Let's some reason. I I connected you. Let's see if I could send a direct message see if I could send a direct message see if I could send a direct message just to dot just to dot just to dot &gt;&gt; dot. &gt;&gt; dot. &gt;&gt; dot. &gt;&gt; Um I've already gone back and forth on &gt;&gt; Um I've already gone back and forth on &gt;&gt; Um I've already gone back and forth on can you buy me a pastrami sandwich can you buy me a pastrami sandwich can you buy me a pastrami sandwich because it could buy stuff anyway. And because it could buy stuff anyway. And because it could buy stuff anyway. And it and it responded, what can you do?

[15:51] it and it responded, what can you do? it and it responded, what can you do? Can I connect you on Slack with a team Can I connect you on Slack with a team Can I connect you on Slack with a team member? So, you know what? Actually, member? So, you know what? Actually, member? So, you know what? Actually, maybe dot doesn't work like that because maybe dot doesn't work like that because maybe dot doesn't work like that because we just saw my conversation with Lauren we just saw my conversation with Lauren we just saw my conversation with Lauren and dot and it didn't respond. and dot and it didn't respond. and dot and it didn't respond. &gt;&gt; Huh. &gt;&gt; Huh. &gt;&gt; Huh. &gt;&gt; Or I should actually I forgot to add &gt;&gt; Or I should actually I forgot to add &gt;&gt; Or I should actually I forgot to add mention dot. Maybe I guess. Do I need to mention dot. Maybe I guess. Do I need to mention dot. Maybe I guess. Do I need to mention dot? mention dot? mention dot? &gt;&gt; Shouldn't have to in a DM. But in the in &gt;&gt; Shouldn't have to in a DM. But in the in &gt;&gt; Shouldn't have to in a DM. But in the in the context of a dot, Andrew, is this the context of a dot, Andrew, is this the context of a dot, Andrew, is this Andrew's dot or is this a dot that's

[16:21] Andrew's dot or is this a dot that's Andrew's dot or is this a dot that's part of the team that has a job that part of the team that has a job that part of the team that has a job that anyone can use? anyone can use? anyone can use? &gt;&gt; Part of a team. Let's go back actually &gt;&gt; Part of a team. Let's go back actually &gt;&gt; Part of a team. Let's go back actually to the conversation with Lauren and Dot. to the conversation with Lauren and Dot. to the conversation with Lauren and Dot. Here we got Lauren and we got Dot Here we got Lauren and we got Dot Here we got Lauren and we got Dot &gt;&gt; and we're going to say, "Oh, there it &gt;&gt; and we're going to say, "Oh, there it &gt;&gt; and we're going to say, "Oh, there it did reply." Okay, it took it a little did reply." Okay, it took it a little did reply." Okay, it took it a little while. Okay, you cannot measure me. while. Okay, you cannot measure me. while. Okay, you cannot measure me. Summarize thread. Pull out decisions Summarize thread. Pull out decisions Summarize thread. Pull out decisions owners. owners. owners. &gt;&gt; Can my team members see private info we &gt;&gt; Can my team members see private info we &gt;&gt; Can my team members see private info we talked about talked about talked about on uh chat GPT on uh chat GPT on uh chat GPT app?

[16:52] app? app? Okay, this seems like an Okay, this seems like an Okay, this seems like an &gt;&gt; My understanding was what they launched &gt;&gt; My understanding was what they launched &gt;&gt; My understanding was what they launched is more tied to you, like it's more tied is more tied to you, like it's more tied is more tied to you, like it's more tied to Andrew's dot. Yes. to Andrew's dot. Yes. to Andrew's dot. Yes. &gt;&gt; And then they're also planning to come &gt;&gt; And then they're also planning to come &gt;&gt; And then they're also planning to come out with what they were calling out with what they were calling out with what they were calling specialized dots, but I think that was a specialized dots, but I think that was a specialized dots, but I think that was a little bit early. Uh where it's not little bit early. Uh where it's not little bit early. Uh where it's not necessarily tied to one person, but it's necessarily tied to one person, but it's necessarily tied to one person, but it's more like the data analyst dot or the more like the data analyst dot or the more like the data analyst dot or the sales dot, which is a different concept. sales dot, which is a different concept. sales dot, which is a different concept. But I think for right now, But I think for right now, But I think for right now, um yeah, I guess there's some um yeah, I guess there's some um yeah, I guess there's some separations, but it it's it's your dot. separations, but it it's it's your dot. separations, but it it's it's your dot. And then Lauren could have her dot in And then Lauren could have her dot in And then Lauren could have her dot in here as well.

[17:23] here as well. here as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's a little too personal, I &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's a little too personal, I &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's a little too personal, I think, for work. I can see why some think, for work. I can see why some think, for work. I can see why some people would integrated in. It's an easy people would integrated in. It's an easy people would integrated in. It's an easy way to connect. There are a few things way to connect. There are a few things way to connect. There are a few things that I think are missing from it. One is that I think are missing from it. One is that I think are missing from it. One is multiple people managing it. And multiple people managing it. And multiple people managing it. And inevitably, you have issues where you inevitably, you have issues where you inevitably, you have issues where you need to make new connections. It's not need to make new connections. It's not need to make new connections. It's not just the chat in here. It's somebody just the chat in here. It's somebody just the chat in here. It's somebody needs to say, "We're now making you part needs to say, "We're now making you part needs to say, "We're now making you part of our Facebook ad team. I need to of our Facebook ad team. I need to of our Facebook ad team. I need to connect it to a Facebook account. How do connect it to a Facebook account. How do connect it to a Facebook account. How do we do it? We now need to connect it to we do it? We now need to connect it to we do it? We now need to connect it to finance. somebody needs to do it and it finance. somebody needs to do it and it finance. somebody needs to do it and it can't be me. Um, so that's that's been can't be me. Um, so that's that's been can't be me. Um, so that's that's been the biggest issue for me. Another side

[17:54] the biggest issue for me. Another side the biggest issue for me. Another side issue that I think is less important but issue that I think is less important but issue that I think is less important but where it's becoming more important to me where it's becoming more important to me where it's becoming more important to me is I'm finding certain models are better is I'm finding certain models are better is I'm finding certain models are better at other things. Claude is so good for at other things. Claude is so good for at other things. Claude is so good for writing for whatever reason. It's writing for whatever reason. It's writing for whatever reason. It's captured our writing style. Um, chat GPT captured our writing style. Um, chat GPT captured our writing style. Um, chat GPT I think is very good for building and a I think is very good for building and a I think is very good for building and a few other things. few other things. few other things. &gt;&gt; What I want sometimes are a cheap model &gt;&gt; What I want sometimes are a cheap model &gt;&gt; What I want sometimes are a cheap model that will just go running cranking for that will just go running cranking for that will just go running cranking for hours and days on a few things. for me I hours and days on a few things. for me I hours and days on a few things. for me I want to be able to connect other things. want to be able to connect other things. want to be able to connect other things. So here's my here's where bottom line So here's my here's where bottom line So here's my here's where bottom line what it comes down to when it comes to what it comes down to when it comes to what it comes down to when it comes to all these different connections meaning

[18:25] all these different connections meaning all these different connections meaning multiple tools being connected in multiple tools being connected in multiple tools being connected in multiple uh LLMs being connected in and multiple uh LLMs being connected in and multiple uh LLMs being connected in and multiple team members being connected in multiple team members being connected in multiple team members being connected in as managers hyper agent is the answer as managers hyper agent is the answer as managers hyper agent is the answer when it comes to basics you got it for when it comes to basics you got it for when it comes to basics you got it for free with your chat GPT $100 plus free with your chat GPT $100 plus free with your chat GPT $100 plus account you want to use it dot I think account you want to use it dot I think account you want to use it dot I think does a good job here we're still does a good job here we're still does a good job here we're still learning how much it does but it's if learning how much it does but it's if learning how much it does but it's if you want to get started with team you want to get started with team you want to get started with team building chats this is an easy way to do building chats this is an easy way to do building chats this is an easy way to do it gro is somewhere in the middle it it gro is somewhere in the middle it it gro is somewhere in the middle it still doesn't let my team members manage still doesn't let my team members manage still doesn't let my team members manage the bot and improve it and add the bot and improve it and add the bot and improve it and add connections, but at least it allows me connections, but at least it allows me connections, but at least it allows me to create multiple agents that I can put

[18:56] to create multiple agents that I can put to create multiple agents that I can put in a slack with people. They're getting in a slack with people. They're getting in a slack with people. They're getting there, but they're kind of like that there, but they're kind of like that there, but they're kind of like that middle ground. I think I got it. How do middle ground. I think I got it. How do middle ground. I think I got it. How do you feel? How'd I do? you feel? How'd I do? you feel? How'd I do? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. On the on the multimodel piece, of &gt;&gt; Yeah. On the on the multimodel piece, of &gt;&gt; Yeah. On the on the multimodel piece, of course, as well, we're excited with course, as well, we're excited with course, as well, we're excited with signin with chat. We're really excited signin with chat. We're really excited signin with chat. We're really excited to be partnered with OpenAI on that. to be partnered with OpenAI on that. to be partnered with OpenAI on that. that allows you to of course use the GPT that allows you to of course use the GPT that allows you to of course use the GPT family of models. If you then also add a family of models. If you then also add a family of models. If you then also add a payment method within Hyper Agent, you payment method within Hyper Agent, you payment method within Hyper Agent, you get access to the entire uh rest of the get access to the entire uh rest of the get access to the entire uh rest of the universe of models from Claude to Gemini

[19:26] universe of models from Claude to Gemini universe of models from Claude to Gemini to all the open weight models as well. to all the open weight models as well. to all the open weight models as well. &gt;&gt; Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, wait, &gt;&gt; Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, wait, &gt;&gt; Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Alex, are you telling wait, wait, wait. Alex, are you telling wait, wait, wait. Alex, are you telling me I don't have to pay you for anything? me I don't have to pay you for anything? me I don't have to pay you for anything? I could just log in with Chat GPT and I could just log in with Chat GPT and I could just log in with Chat GPT and you get paid nothing. I thought you got you get paid nothing. I thought you got you get paid nothing. I thought you got paid at least per per action. So the way paid at least per per action. So the way paid at least per per action. So the way it works is if you sign in with chatbt it works is if you sign in with chatbt it works is if you sign in with chatbt there uh there's no hyper agent payment there uh there's no hyper agent payment there uh there's no hyper agent payment method required that all of the uh work method required that all of the uh work method required that all of the uh work that your agents do is going to draw that your agents do is going to draw that your agents do is going to draw from your chatbt subscription. If you from your chatbt subscription. If you from your chatbt subscription. If you want to use other models then put in a want to use other models then put in a want to use other models then put in a payment method with us and then we can payment method with us and then we can payment method with us and then we can route agents over to other models. route agents over to other models. route agents over to other models. &gt;&gt; So basically if you have chatbt account &gt;&gt; So basically if you have chatbt account &gt;&gt; So basically if you have chatbt account you get this thing for free which does

[19:57] you get this thing for free which does you get this thing for free which does more than anything. All right. I was more than anything. All right. I was more than anything. All right. I was actually gonna be the the know-it-all actually gonna be the the know-it-all actually gonna be the the know-it-all who was gonna say, "Alex, last time you who was gonna say, "Alex, last time you who was gonna say, "Alex, last time you came on here," which was maybe a month came on here," which was maybe a month came on here," which was maybe a month or two ago. You gave everyone a link to or two ago. You gave everyone a link to or two ago. You gave everyone a link to get free access when they sign up. I'm get free access when they sign up. I'm get free access when they sign up. I'm And you guys forgot to turn it off. Even And you guys forgot to turn it off. Even And you guys forgot to turn it off. Even though you said you would, it still though you said you would, it still though you said you would, it still works. I'm going to give a link to it works. I'm going to give a link to it works. I'm going to give a link to it down below. But I don't even know if it down below. But I don't even know if it down below. But I don't even know if it matters now because people can just sign matters now because people can just sign matters now because people can just sign in and use it for free. I'll tell you in and use it for free. I'll tell you in and use it for free. I'll tell you what, you still haven't removed it until what, you still haven't removed it until what, you still haven't removed it until you guys cancel it like you're supposed you guys cancel it like you're supposed you guys cancel it like you're supposed to. I'm going to leave it in the to. I'm going to leave it in the to. I'm going to leave it in the description for my audience to use. description for my audience to use. description for my audience to use. You've got access to that. I'll also You've got access to that. I'll also You've got access to that. I'll also give you a link to dot where you can give you a link to dot where you can give you a link to dot where you can sign up and get do access to dot and to

[20:28] sign up and get do access to dot and to sign up and get do access to dot and to grobbot which you can use and sign up grobbot which you can use and sign up grobbot which you can use and sign up and get to there. All right and if you and get to there. All right and if you and get to there. All right and if you like this I've got another video for you like this I've got another video for you like this I've got another video for you actually with Alex going deep dive into actually with Alex going deep dive into actually with Alex going deep dive into hyper agent. It's right here. You can go hyper agent. It's right here. You can go hyper agent. It's right here. You can go watch that and the two of us will see watch that and the two of us will see watch that and the two of us will see you in
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=bTbyRKO0hxs
