# Transcript: Free on GitHub: manage agents, 11Labs alternative, incredible design & more

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQhWqUOouYM
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 24:20 · Words: 15567
Other available languages: a-fr (fr) [auto], a-de (de) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-pt (pt) [auto], a-es (es) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/CQhWqUOouYM.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=CQhWqUOouYM

## Transcript
[0:01] You're going to have a way for all your You're going to have a way for all your agents to work beautifully together for agents to work beautifully together for agents to work beautifully together for free. I'm going to show you a repo that free. I'm going to show you a repo that free. I'm going to show you a repo that will make anything you design look will make anything you design look will make anything you design look better and I'll demo it for you. And better and I'll demo it for you. And better and I'll demo it for you. And while everyone else is paying for 11 lab while everyone else is paying for 11 lab while everyone else is paying for 11 lab for voice, you're going to get voices for voice, you're going to get voices for voice, you're going to get voices that are so beautiful, so accurate, and that are so beautiful, so accurate, and that are so beautiful, so accurate, and so free. All that and all the top repos so free. All that and all the top repos so free. All that and all the top repos of the week. I got links below. Let's of the week. I got links below. Let's of the week. I got links below. Let's get into it. Presented by Zapier, the AI get into it. Presented by Zapier, the AI get into it. Presented by Zapier, the AI automation company. All right, Adam, the automation company. All right, Adam, the automation company. All right, Adam, the top trending repo for the week is top trending repo for the week is top trending repo for the week is Paperclip. It's got 95,000 Paperclip. It's got 95,000 Paperclip. It's got 95,000 plus stars. This is where your agents plus stars. This is where your agents plus stars. This is where your agents get an org chart to work together, an

[0:32] get an org chart to work together, an get an org chart to work together, an ability to give each other tasks, and ability to give each other tasks, and ability to give each other tasks, and for you and other team for you and other team for you and other team team members to give them tasks. And I team members to give them tasks. And I team members to give them tasks. And I got a surprise for you. We got the got a surprise for you. We got the got a surprise for you. We got the creator, Dota, here. Hey, Dota. creator, Dota, here. Hey, Dota. creator, Dota, here. Hey, Dota. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. &gt;&gt; Thanks. Dude, this has been out for a &gt;&gt; Thanks. Dude, this has been out for a &gt;&gt; Thanks. Dude, this has been out for a long time. Why is it suddenly popping long time. Why is it suddenly popping long time. Why is it suddenly popping off right now? What's going on? off right now? What's going on? off right now? What's going on? &gt;&gt; Well, I I think people &gt;&gt; Well, I I think people &gt;&gt; Well, I I think people one way one reason it's popping off is one way one reason it's popping off is one way one reason it's popping off is we just did a video with Network Chuck, we just did a video with Network Chuck, we just did a video with Network Chuck, which has been very popular, which which has been very popular, which which has been very popular, which people like quite a lot, yeah. Um but, people like quite a lot, yeah. Um but,

[1:02] people like quite a lot, yeah. Um but, you know, we've been growing quite a lot you know, we've been growing quite a lot you know, we've been growing quite a lot since before then. So, I think really since before then. So, I think really since before then. So, I think really it resonates with people just because it resonates with people just because it resonates with people just because everyone has too many agents, there's everyone has too many agents, there's everyone has too many agents, there's too many skills, you're trying to do too too many skills, you're trying to do too too many skills, you're trying to do too much work at once, and people just much work at once, and people just much work at once, and people just really want a way to keep it organized. really want a way to keep it organized. really want a way to keep it organized. &gt;&gt; And I still need to run my own Mac mini &gt;&gt; And I still need to run my own Mac mini &gt;&gt; And I still need to run my own Mac mini to run this? to run this? to run this? &gt;&gt; No, no, no, yeah. Yeah, and just for &gt;&gt; No, no, no, yeah. Yeah, and just for &gt;&gt; No, no, no, yeah. Yeah, and just for context, okay, so the idea behind context, okay, so the idea behind context, okay, so the idea behind Paperclip is really like you can use any Paperclip is really like you can use any Paperclip is really like you can use any model, any hardness, any agent at any model, any hardness, any agent at any model, any hardness, any agent at any time. time. time. It gives you like an organizational

[1:32] It gives you like an organizational It gives you like an organizational structure for your tasks, so it's almost structure for your tasks, so it's almost structure for your tasks, so it's almost like a task manager and an org chart for like a task manager and an org chart for like a task manager and an org chart for your agents, along with like a lot of your agents, along with like a lot of your agents, along with like a lot of permissions to like keep it them permissions to like keep it them permissions to like keep it them organized. So, no, you you can run it on organized. So, no, you you can run it on organized. So, no, you you can run it on your local machine, your local machine, your local machine, but you can also run it well, we have but you can also run it well, we have but you can also run it well, we have like a cloud service that's coming up like a cloud service that's coming up like a cloud service that's coming up you can waitlist for. Um you can waitlist for. Um you can waitlist for. Um yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it but you can run it on any machine you but you can run it on any machine you but you can run it on any machine you want. You don't have to have a Mac mini. want. You don't have to have a Mac mini. want. You don't have to have a Mac mini. You could run it on your local box. I do You could run it on your local box. I do You could run it on your local box. I do that, too. that, too. that, too. &gt;&gt; If if I run it on my local machine, can &gt;&gt; If if I run it on my local machine, can &gt;&gt; If if I run it on my local machine, can it take advantage of my subscriptions it take advantage of my subscriptions it take advantage of my subscriptions instead of paying the API rates to run

[2:03] instead of paying the API rates to run instead of paying the API rates to run all these agents? all these agents? all these agents? &gt;&gt; Yep, that's right. &gt;&gt; Yep, that's right. &gt;&gt; Yep, that's right. It'll use your subscriptions on your It'll use your subscriptions on your It'll use your subscriptions on your local machine. If you want to host it on local machine. If you want to host it on local machine. If you want to host it on like a like a a third-party hosting, you like a like a a third-party hosting, you like a like a a third-party hosting, you can do that. can do that. can do that. And then also even in our cloud when we And then also even in our cloud when we And then also even in our cloud when we open it up, you can use your open it up, you can use your open it up, you can use your subscriptions. subscriptions. subscriptions. &gt;&gt; Is there one like killer feature that &gt;&gt; Is there one like killer feature that &gt;&gt; Is there one like killer feature that you feel like this has that a lot of you feel like this has that a lot of you feel like this has that a lot of other similar tools don't have? other similar tools don't have? other similar tools don't have? &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um like okay like okay like okay I So, one of the things about Paperclip I So, one of the things about Paperclip I So, one of the things about Paperclip is it has a lot of permissions that you

[2:33] is it has a lot of permissions that you is it has a lot of permissions that you would need for multiplayer in the cloud. would need for multiplayer in the cloud. would need for multiplayer in the cloud. So, for example, we have a new set of So, for example, we have a new set of So, for example, we have a new set of connections and when you think about it connections and when you think about it connections and when you think about it like if I connect if you and I are using like if I connect if you and I are using like if I connect if you and I are using the same instance and we're sharing the same instance and we're sharing the same instance and we're sharing agents, but then I connect my Gmail, agents, but then I connect my Gmail, agents, but then I connect my Gmail, like can you create a task that reads my like can you create a task that reads my like can you create a task that reads my Gmail? If you're my boss, maybe, but if Gmail? If you're my boss, maybe, but if Gmail? If you're my boss, maybe, but if we're just co-workers, maybe not. And we're just co-workers, maybe not. And we're just co-workers, maybe not. And like Paperclip deals with those kinds of like Paperclip deals with those kinds of like Paperclip deals with those kinds of intricacies intricacies that you need intricacies intricacies that you need intricacies intricacies that you need for multiplayer agentic work, you know. for multiplayer agentic work, you know. for multiplayer agentic work, you know. Uh like the the another thing with Uh like the the another thing with Uh like the the another thing with Paperclip is that when you just talk in

[3:03] Paperclip is that when you just talk in Paperclip is that when you just talk in um it's task-based. When you just talk um it's task-based. When you just talk um it's task-based. When you just talk in Codex or Claude code, you're just in Codex or Claude code, you're just in Codex or Claude code, you're just you've got a big long session and you're you've got a big long session and you're you've got a big long session and you're working through things and maybe you working through things and maybe you working through things and maybe you have different tabs. have different tabs. have different tabs. Paperclip is specifically designed Paperclip is specifically designed Paperclip is specifically designed around like I assign tasks. Is that task around like I assign tasks. Is that task around like I assign tasks. Is that task done? Yes or no? And you're like giving done? Yes or no? And you're like giving done? Yes or no? And you're like giving your agents work so you can organize it your agents work so you can organize it your agents work so you can organize it into projects. Like you'll basically into projects. Like you'll basically into projects. Like you'll basically find that you can organize like more find that you can organize like more find that you can organize like more work. You can hold more work in your work. You can hold more work in your work. You can hold more work in your head when you use it over time. head when you use it over time. head when you use it over time. &gt;&gt; Here, I've got this while you finish up &gt;&gt; Here, I've got this while you finish up &gt;&gt; Here, I've got this while you finish up &gt;&gt; So, we'll set up a task and assign it to &gt;&gt; So, we'll set up a task and assign it to &gt;&gt; So, we'll set up a task and assign it to Dumbledore. Dumbledore. Dumbledore. &gt;&gt; Just to say, "Hey, why don't you talk to

[3:33] &gt;&gt; Just to say, "Hey, why don't you talk to &gt;&gt; Just to say, "Hey, why don't you talk to Ron? Test Ron, make sure he works." Ron? Test Ron, make sure he works." Ron? Test Ron, make sure he works." &gt;&gt; So, we'll set up our task and go. And &gt;&gt; So, we'll set up our task and go. And &gt;&gt; So, we'll set up our task and go. And within moments, watch what happens here. within moments, watch what happens here. within moments, watch what happens here. Boom, Dumbledore assigns a task to Ron. Boom, Dumbledore assigns a task to Ron. Boom, Dumbledore assigns a task to Ron. And that right there is our first moment And that right there is our first moment And that right there is our first moment where we talk to an agent and then an where we talk to an agent and then an where we talk to an agent and then an agent talked to another agent. And agent talked to another agent. And agent talked to another agent. And &gt;&gt; That's one of the beauties of it. &gt;&gt; That's one of the beauties of it. &gt;&gt; That's one of the beauties of it. &gt;&gt; All right, DOTA. Congratulations. And of &gt;&gt; All right, DOTA. Congratulations. And of &gt;&gt; All right, DOTA. Congratulations. And of course, I'm going to have a link to course, I'm going to have a link to course, I'm going to have a link to this, so people can see the video and to this, so people can see the video and to this, so people can see the video and to the repo directly below this video. the repo directly below this video. the repo directly below this video. Thanks, Doda. Thanks, Doda. Thanks, Doda. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Next repo for the week. &gt;&gt; Next repo for the week. &gt;&gt; Next repo for the week. Hindsight. It's an AI memory that

[4:03] Hindsight. It's an AI memory that Hindsight. It's an AI memory that remembers you across your sessions. We remembers you across your sessions. We remembers you across your sessions. We keep seeing these constantly trending. keep seeing these constantly trending. keep seeing these constantly trending. I don't know what to make of this one I don't know what to make of this one I don't know what to make of this one that it just suddenly took off. Now, in that it just suddenly took off. Now, in that it just suddenly took off. Now, in the back of my head is people saying the back of my head is people saying the back of my head is people saying maybe they bought stars, maybe something maybe they bought stars, maybe something maybe they bought stars, maybe something going on. I like to think that nothing going on. I like to think that nothing going on. I like to think that nothing is nefarious here. I actually think is nefarious here. I actually think is nefarious here. I actually think GitHub does a pretty good job of GitHub does a pretty good job of GitHub does a pretty good job of screening out like people who are screening out like people who are screening out like people who are spamming it, but spamming it, but spamming it, but I don't understand what makes this I don't understand what makes this I don't understand what makes this different or what is this? different or what is this? different or what is this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, it's it's interesting, you &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, it's it's interesting, you &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, it's it's interesting, you know, as as I was scrolling through and know, as as I was scrolling through and know, as as I was scrolling through and and reading all the information about

[4:34] and reading all the information about and reading all the information about this, the thing that stuck out to me is this, the thing that stuck out to me is this, the thing that stuck out to me is that this is actually brought to you that this is actually brought to you that this is actually brought to you like by a real business. A lot of the like by a real business. A lot of the like by a real business. A lot of the memory systems we see are very memory systems we see are very memory systems we see are very complicated, and sometimes it's hard to complicated, and sometimes it's hard to complicated, and sometimes it's hard to tell what's the difference between this tell what's the difference between this tell what's the difference between this one and this one. And the problem is if one and this one. And the problem is if one and this one. And the problem is if you build an agent or if you build your you build an agent or if you build your you build an agent or if you build your routines around a memory system that routines around a memory system that routines around a memory system that doesn't get updated as new models come doesn't get updated as new models come doesn't get updated as new models come out, you're going to fall behind and and out, you're going to fall behind and and out, you're going to fall behind and and you're going to have to switch. This one you're going to have to switch. This one you're going to have to switch. This one is is actually being built and put out is is actually being built and put out is is actually being built and put out there by a business, and I don't have there by a business, and I don't have there by a business, and I don't have any problem with people making money. I

[5:05] any problem with people making money. I any problem with people making money. I love when people are making money love when people are making money love when people are making money because it means they're going to because it means they're going to because it means they're going to support the product, they're going to support the product, they're going to support the product, they're going to keep pushing out updates, it's going to keep pushing out updates, it's going to keep pushing out updates, it's going to stay up to date. And maybe sometimes you stay up to date. And maybe sometimes you stay up to date. And maybe sometimes you say, "Well, I'd love the hosted version say, "Well, I'd love the hosted version say, "Well, I'd love the hosted version of this. I'm done running it locally. I of this. I'm done running it locally. I of this. I'm done running it locally. I just want this thing to run, and maybe I just want this thing to run, and maybe I just want this thing to run, and maybe I want to share it with my team." Well, want to share it with my team." Well, want to share it with my team." Well, awesome. Now, there's a cloud service awesome. Now, there's a cloud service awesome. Now, there's a cloud service that sits there and handles it. So, you that sits there and handles it. So, you that sits there and handles it. So, you know, different for different people, know, different for different people, know, different for different people, right? Some people are going to prefer right? Some people are going to prefer right? Some people are going to prefer the open source one that they can fiddle the open source one that they can fiddle the open source one that they can fiddle with, and this is open source, too, but with, and this is open source, too, but with, and this is open source, too, but but there's going to be a different but there's going to be a different but there's going to be a different angle because it's a company running it. angle because it's a company running it. angle because it's a company running it. And for me, I would prefer to have the

[5:35] And for me, I would prefer to have the And for me, I would prefer to have the reliability and the maintainability of reliability and the maintainability of reliability and the maintainability of of the company backing something like of the company backing something like of the company backing something like this. this. this. Number three for the week is Voice Number three for the week is Voice Number three for the week is Voice Studio 51,000 stars. This is for people Studio 51,000 stars. This is for people Studio 51,000 stars. This is for people who want to clone their voices, but not who want to clone their voices, but not who want to clone their voices, but not pay a service like pay a service like pay a service like 11 Labs to host it. And it actually has 11 Labs to host it. And it actually has 11 Labs to host it. And it actually has a Mac app, a Windows app. It is fairly a Mac app, a Windows app. It is fairly a Mac app, a Windows app. It is fairly easy to install, even a Linux easy to install, even a Linux easy to install, even a Linux and even a Linux app, and you can see and even a Linux app, and you can see and even a Linux app, and you can see here that it's super easy to use. here that it's super easy to use. here that it's super easy to use. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um Andrew, remind me is this like a wrapper

[6:06] Andrew, remind me is this like a wrapper Andrew, remind me is this like a wrapper for tools like 11 Labs or is this going for tools like 11 Labs or is this going for tools like 11 Labs or is this going to use local models that I can run for to use local models that I can run for to use local models that I can run for free? free? free? &gt;&gt; From what I remember, it's actually a &gt;&gt; From what I remember, it's actually a &gt;&gt; From what I remember, it's actually a collection of both, but let's just collection of both, but let's just collection of both, but let's just double-check that I didn't that I didn't double-check that I didn't that I didn't double-check that I didn't that I didn't get that wrong. get that wrong. get that wrong. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah, I see there's some &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah, I see there's some &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah, I see there's some acceleration and yeah, yeah, it looks acceleration and yeah, yeah, it looks acceleration and yeah, yeah, it looks like it looks like it is both. like it looks like it is both. like it looks like it is both. I I I I appreciate that also because I I I I appreciate that also because I I I I appreciate that also because sometimes I build a lot of devices, sometimes I build a lot of devices, sometimes I build a lot of devices, hardware devices, and I build voices hardware devices, and I build voices hardware devices, and I build voices into them, but I want to play around a into them, but I want to play around a into them, but I want to play around a little bit first. I want to try this, I little bit first. I want to try this, I little bit first. I want to try this, I want to generate it again, I want to want to generate it again, I want to want to generate it again, I want to hear this, I want to hear 10 different hear this, I want to hear 10 different hear this, I want to hear 10 different voices, and maybe I'd only want to

[6:37] voices, and maybe I'd only want to voices, and maybe I'd only want to switch to the highest quality one that I switch to the highest quality one that I switch to the highest quality one that I may have to pay a lot for after I've may have to pay a lot for after I've may have to pay a lot for after I've already kind of figured out what it is I already kind of figured out what it is I already kind of figured out what it is I I want to generate. So, what I I want to generate. So, what I I want to generate. So, what I appreciate about these local models is appreciate about these local models is appreciate about these local models is is you get to explore without the is you get to explore without the is you get to explore without the concern that, you know, you're going to concern that, you know, you're going to concern that, you know, you're going to spend a bunch of credit on on 11 Labs. spend a bunch of credit on on 11 Labs. spend a bunch of credit on on 11 Labs. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and actually this is not one &gt;&gt; Yeah, and actually this is not one &gt;&gt; Yeah, and actually this is not one that's meant to be used with 11 Labs. that's meant to be used with 11 Labs. that's meant to be used with 11 Labs. It's an alternative to 11 Labs that's It's an alternative to 11 Labs that's It's an alternative to 11 Labs that's supposed to be easy to put on your supposed to be easy to put on your supposed to be easy to put on your computer. And last time we did hit play computer. And last time we did hit play computer. And last time we did hit play and show examples of it. I'm going to and show examples of it. I'm going to and show examples of it. I'm going to have links to this below so that you all have links to this below so that you all have links to this below so that you all can see it. I'm glad to see that it's can see it. I'm glad to see that it's can see it. I'm glad to see that it's doing better. We've seen people use it

[7:07] doing better. We've seen people use it doing better. We've seen people use it really well. really well. really well. Uh by the way, Zapier is a sponsor. I've Uh by the way, Zapier is a sponsor. I've Uh by the way, Zapier is a sponsor. I've got to tell you something about the way got to tell you something about the way got to tell you something about the way that Zapier MCP has been helping me. It that Zapier MCP has been helping me. It that Zapier MCP has been helping me. It allows me to bring in tools even that allows me to bring in tools even that allows me to bring in tools even that don't have MCP connections in. It allows don't have MCP connections in. It allows don't have MCP connections in. It allows me to have a backup in case a connection me to have a backup in case a connection me to have a backup in case a connection breaks. It also allows me to now, going breaks. It also allows me to now, going breaks. It also allows me to now, going beyond the Zapier MCP to what's new from beyond the Zapier MCP to what's new from beyond the Zapier MCP to what's new from Zapier Adam, is the ability to take all Zapier Adam, is the ability to take all Zapier Adam, is the ability to take all these things that I'm doing regularly these things that I'm doing regularly these things that I'm doing regularly with my agents. And lately I love Grok with my agents. And lately I love Grok with my agents. And lately I love Grok Bot. Bot. Bot. And instead of saying, "I want you as my And instead of saying, "I want you as my And instead of saying, "I want you as my agent to go and do this every 5 minutes agent to go and do this every 5 minutes agent to go and do this every 5 minutes or every hour." and then it potentially

[7:37] or every hour." and then it potentially or every hour." and then it potentially breaks and it burns through my tokens breaks and it burns through my tokens breaks and it burns through my tokens and I ended up a couple weeks ago and I ended up a couple weeks ago and I ended up a couple weeks ago running through my my cap on Grok Bot running through my my cap on Grok Bot running through my my cap on Grok Bot having to pay for use which then having to pay for use which then having to pay for use which then it was astronomical how much it was. it was astronomical how much it was. it was astronomical how much it was. Actually, let's not let's not blow it Actually, let's not let's not blow it Actually, let's not let's not blow it out of proportion. Instead of 140 bucks out of proportion. Instead of 140 bucks out of proportion. Instead of 140 bucks a month, a month, a month, I had to for the for the two days pay I had to for the for the two days pay I had to for the for the two days pay $265 extra for that. So, it's still a $265 extra for that. So, it's still a $265 extra for that. So, it's still a lot for two days. lot for two days. lot for two days. And I realized when I asked my agent, And I realized when I asked my agent, And I realized when I asked my agent, "What are you doing that's wasting all "What are you doing that's wasting all "What are you doing that's wasting all these tokens? I'm not doing that much." these tokens? I'm not doing that much." these tokens? I'm not doing that much." It said, "I'm doing all these routines." It said, "I'm doing all these routines." It said, "I'm doing all these routines." And if I hand it off to Zapier, Zapier And if I hand it off to Zapier, Zapier And if I hand it off to Zapier, Zapier will do it with code, so it's way

[8:08] will do it with code, so it's way will do it with code, so it's way cheaper. It'll fill my cheap cheaper. It'll fill my cheap cheaper. It'll fill my cheap subscription, and then the AI can be subscription, and then the AI can be subscription, and then the AI can be handled by the stuff that needs AI can handled by the stuff that needs AI can handled by the stuff that needs AI can be handled by by my agent. All right, go be handled by by my agent. All right, go be handled by by my agent. All right, go to zapier.com/mcp, to zapier.com/mcp, to zapier.com/mcp, sign up, get all access to all those sign up, get all access to all those sign up, get all access to all those tools, and when you don't need AI, they tools, and when you don't need AI, they tools, and when you don't need AI, they will handle things inexpensively for will handle things inexpensively for will handle things inexpensively for you. Next, AI engineering from scratch. you. Next, AI engineering from scratch. you. Next, AI engineering from scratch. This is a free course, This is a free course, This is a free course, and I want to show what this looks like, and I want to show what this looks like, and I want to show what this looks like, and people are actually on Hacker News and people are actually on Hacker News and people are actually on Hacker News not not loving this. What do you make of not not loving this. What do you make of not not loving this. What do you make of this? this? this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, it it it strikes me as

[8:38] &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, it it it strikes me as &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, it it it strikes me as very AI-generated. very AI-generated. very AI-generated. That's not to say, Ed, that it's not That's not to say, Ed, that it's not That's not to say, Ed, that it's not valuable, that it's not creative, that valuable, that it's not creative, that valuable, that it's not creative, that it's not deep. But but something I don't it's not deep. But but something I don't it's not deep. But but something I don't like about AI-generated courses is is like about AI-generated courses is is like about AI-generated courses is is they take longer to go through. There's they take longer to go through. There's they take longer to go through. There's a lot of fluff. But what I like, like a lot of fluff. But what I like, like a lot of fluff. But what I like, like this chart you're walking through right this chart you're walking through right this chart you're walking through right now, it reminds me of Duolingo. It's now, it reminds me of Duolingo. It's now, it reminds me of Duolingo. It's like, "Oh, if I want to learn up to what like, "Oh, if I want to learn up to what like, "Oh, if I want to learn up to what level?" Right? Like you can you can sort level?" Right? Like you can you can sort level?" Right? Like you can you can sort of just keep following the steps, keep of just keep following the steps, keep of just keep following the steps, keep following the steps, and and you get off following the steps, and and you get off following the steps, and and you get off the train whenever you want. You could the train whenever you want. You could the train whenever you want. You could come back whenever you want, and you get come back whenever you want, and you get

[9:08] come back whenever you want, and you get as deep as you want to. I I think I as deep as you want to. I I think I as deep as you want to. I I think I appreciate that about about this system appreciate that about about this system appreciate that about about this system because a lot of people looking to get because a lot of people looking to get because a lot of people looking to get into AI engineering, they just don't into AI engineering, they just don't into AI engineering, they just don't know where to start, and everything is know where to start, and everything is know where to start, and everything is constantly changing. Every 6 months constantly changing. Every 6 months constantly changing. Every 6 months there's a whole new topic to learn. there's a whole new topic to learn. there's a whole new topic to learn. Well, I bet that just gets added to the Well, I bet that just gets added to the Well, I bet that just gets added to the bottom of this list as the new things bottom of this list as the new things bottom of this list as the new things continue to come out. So, I I appreciate continue to come out. So, I I appreciate continue to come out. So, I I appreciate the structure and the thought that the structure and the thought that the structure and the thought that that's gone into it, even if the that's gone into it, even if the that's gone into it, even if the materials themselves are are a little materials themselves are are a little materials themselves are are a little bit kind of AI-generated. bit kind of AI-generated. bit kind of AI-generated. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was the big thing. AI &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was the big thing. AI &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was the big thing. AI engineering from scratch. I don't trust

[9:38] engineering from scratch. I don't trust engineering from scratch. I don't trust a vibe generated course to be great yet. a vibe generated course to be great yet. a vibe generated course to be great yet. Docs written by AI I are hyper verbose. Docs written by AI I are hyper verbose. Docs written by AI I are hyper verbose. Next, Next, Next, the fifth most popular for the week is the fifth most popular for the week is the fifth most popular for the week is Anthropic's financial services, 38,000 Anthropic's financial services, 38,000 Anthropic's financial services, 38,000 stars on GitHub. It's 10 agents. stars on GitHub. It's 10 agents. stars on GitHub. It's 10 agents. Can I actually call this agents? It's Can I actually call this agents? It's Can I actually call this agents? It's always called agents, but really I think always called agents, but really I think always called agents, but really I think it's just 10 skill files, right? That it's just 10 skill files, right? That it's just 10 skill files, right? That will make your agent into like a will make your agent into like a will make your agent into like a financial consultant at the level financial consultant at the level financial consultant at the level apparently of a Wall Street uh a firm. apparently of a Wall Street uh a firm. apparently of a Wall Street uh a firm. That's the idea here, right? That's the idea here, right? That's the idea here, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, well it's a it's a it's a plug-in.

[10:09] &gt;&gt; Yeah, well it's a it's a it's a plug-in. &gt;&gt; Yeah, well it's a it's a it's a plug-in. I would refer to it as an agent. I I I would refer to it as an agent. I I I would refer to it as an agent. I I think that's fine. Just because your think that's fine. Just because your think that's fine. Just because your agent doesn't have its own server or its agent doesn't have its own server or its agent doesn't have its own server or its own Mac Mini or whatever, it doesn't own Mac Mini or whatever, it doesn't own Mac Mini or whatever, it doesn't mean it's not an agent. You're you're mean it's not an agent. You're you're mean it's not an agent. You're you're building this project around a set of building this project around a set of building this project around a set of tools, MCP connections, instructions, tools, MCP connections, instructions, tools, MCP connections, instructions, skills. I I would call that an agent. skills. I I would call that an agent. skills. I I would call that an agent. And I think, you know, we've looked at And I think, you know, we've looked at And I think, you know, we've looked at this a a couple times and and we're this a a couple times and and we're this a a couple times and and we're trying to decide who is this for? And trying to decide who is this for? And trying to decide who is this for? And it's really for financial professionals. it's really for financial professionals. it's really for financial professionals. Right? Like there's a lot of these deep Right? Like there's a lot of these deep Right? Like there's a lot of these deep skill packs out there that are packaged

[10:41] skill packs out there that are packaged skill packs out there that are packaged often into plugins that are for often into plugins that are for often into plugins that are for professionals that help them have professionals that help them have professionals that help them have superpowers. Some of this, if you if you superpowers. Some of this, if you if you superpowers. Some of this, if you if you want to dabble, that's fine. You could want to dabble, that's fine. You could want to dabble, that's fine. You could get into it. Although I bet you could get into it. Although I bet you could get into it. Although I bet you could just ask Claude and and and get help. just ask Claude and and and get help. just ask Claude and and and get help. But a lot of these things are like, But a lot of these things are like, But a lot of these things are like, "Wow, like this is something I do that I "Wow, like this is something I do that I "Wow, like this is something I do that I really care." I don't even know like a a really care." I don't even know like a a really care." I don't even know like a a comparable company analysis. I've never comparable company analysis. I've never comparable company analysis. I've never run a comp analysis before. But there run a comp analysis before. But there run a comp analysis before. But there are people out there that have and they are people out there that have and they are people out there that have and they would benefit from learning the AI in would benefit from learning the AI in would benefit from learning the AI in this way cuz they're probably not out this way cuz they're probably not out this way cuz they're probably not out there building AI products like like you there building AI products like like you there building AI products like like you or me or other people. So, this is going

[11:12] or me or other people. So, this is going or me or other people. So, this is going to be their good intro to AI. to be their good intro to AI. to be their good intro to AI. &gt;&gt; You know what? Here's Kenji. He He &gt;&gt; You know what? Here's Kenji. He He &gt;&gt; You know what? Here's Kenji. He He talked about how if his boss asks him talked about how if his boss asks him talked about how if his boss asks him for a comp analysis, here's how he would for a comp analysis, here's how he would for a comp analysis, here's how he would do it using this. do it using this. do it using this. Here. Here. Here. &gt;&gt; Let's open it up here in Excel and you &gt;&gt; Let's open it up here in Excel and you &gt;&gt; Let's open it up here in Excel and you can can can product inside of Excel. It's got It's product inside of Excel. It's got It's product inside of Excel. It's got It's got the actual date and you can see it's got the actual date and you can see it's got the actual date and you can see it's doing best practices like the numbers doing best practices like the numbers doing best practices like the numbers that are hard coded, those are going to that are hard coded, those are going to that are hard coded, those are going to be in blue. Whereas the calculations are be in blue. Whereas the calculations are be in blue. Whereas the calculations are in black. For these red dots is in black. For these red dots is in black. For these red dots is basically a note, so it's telling us basically a note, so it's telling us basically a note, so it's telling us exactly where each of these values came exactly where each of these values came exactly where each of these values came from.

[11:42] from. from. &gt;&gt; Okay, pretty decent. I I kind of like &gt;&gt; Okay, pretty decent. I I kind of like &gt;&gt; Okay, pretty decent. I I kind of like it. it. it. Next, Next, Next, uh number six. This is super popular, uh number six. This is super popular, uh number six. This is super popular, Next.js, 143 stars this week. They had Next.js, 143 stars this week. They had Next.js, 143 stars this week. They had eight security fixes in eight days and eight security fixes in eight days and eight security fixes in eight days and as a result this took off. as a result this took off. as a result this took off. What is Next.js? We we literally talked What is Next.js? We we literally talked What is Next.js? We we literally talked about it before we got started and I about it before we got started and I about it before we got started and I still don't know how I [laughter] could still don't know how I [laughter] could still don't know how I [laughter] could explain it and I'm sure explain it and I'm sure explain it and I'm sure &gt;&gt; You know, the the good news, Andrew, is &gt;&gt; You know, the the good news, Andrew, is &gt;&gt; You know, the the good news, Andrew, is if you don't know and don't want to if you don't know and don't want to if you don't know and don't want to know, you don't have to learn. But what know, you don't have to learn. But what know, you don't have to learn. But what Next.js Next.js is is it's this software

[12:15] Next.js Next.js is is it's this software Next.js Next.js is is it's this software framework for JavaScript that allows you framework for JavaScript that allows you framework for JavaScript that allows you to combine front-end JavaScript, so to combine front-end JavaScript, so to combine front-end JavaScript, so that's the JavaScript that's running in that's the JavaScript that's running in that's the JavaScript that's running in the browser, the stuff that downloads the browser, the stuff that downloads the browser, the stuff that downloads onto, you know, onto your computer when onto, you know, onto your computer when onto, you know, onto your computer when you're running to to have interaction in you're running to to have interaction in you're running to to have interaction in an app, with the back-end JavaScript. an app, with the back-end JavaScript. an app, with the back-end JavaScript. That's the server side. So, what's That's the server side. So, what's That's the server side. So, what's running on the server? Well, I'm running on the server? Well, I'm running on the server? Well, I'm generating images, I'm loading data, I'm generating images, I'm loading data, I'm generating images, I'm loading data, I'm doing things that are maybe private that doing things that are maybe private that doing things that are maybe private that I don't want to do on a on a user's I don't want to do on a on a user's I don't want to do on a on a user's computer. And it lets you combine both computer. And it lets you combine both computer. And it lets you combine both of those into one seamless repository,

[12:45] of those into one seamless repository, of those into one seamless repository, but with a really tight framework of how but with a really tight framework of how but with a really tight framework of how do these two talk to each other and how do these two talk to each other and how do these two talk to each other and how do we streamline the communication back do we streamline the communication back do we streamline the communication back and forth and could we generate content and forth and could we generate content and forth and could we generate content on the server, which is faster versus on on the server, which is faster versus on on the server, which is faster versus on the client? And what you see here is the client? And what you see here is the client? And what you see here is these these error or not errors, these these these error or not errors, these these these error or not errors, these bugs, security fixes. bugs, security fixes. bugs, security fixes. Uh this is something that almost Uh this is something that almost Uh this is something that almost are are going to identify automatically. are are going to identify automatically. are are going to identify automatically. Uh NPM will identify some of these Uh NPM will identify some of these Uh NPM will identify some of these automatically, which is the package automatically, which is the package automatically, which is the package manager that that most of us are using manager that that most of us are using manager that that most of us are using to download this stuff. Also, I'm sure

[13:15] to download this stuff. Also, I'm sure to download this stuff. Also, I'm sure GitHub has sent you an email about it if GitHub has sent you an email about it if GitHub has sent you an email about it if you're affected by this and and need to you're affected by this and and need to you're affected by this and and need to and and even your agent is going to see and and even your agent is going to see and and even your agent is going to see that stuff and just automatically update that stuff and just automatically update that stuff and just automatically update it for you. So, for most folks, you just it for you. So, for most folks, you just it for you. So, for most folks, you just don't have to care. But if you want to don't have to care. But if you want to don't have to care. But if you want to learn a little bit more, it's worth learn a little bit more, it's worth learn a little bit more, it's worth going to read like read about one of the going to read like read about one of the going to read like read about one of the CVEs and and understand like what are CVEs and and understand like what are CVEs and and understand like what are the risks of some of these software the risks of some of these software the risks of some of these software packages when you use them and and don't packages when you use them and and don't packages when you use them and and don't really understand them. Most of us don't really understand them. Most of us don't really understand them. Most of us don't understand them. Most people aren't understand them. Most people aren't understand them. Most people aren't going to look at all the details, but going to look at all the details, but going to look at all the details, but you should understand like what is the

[13:45] you should understand like what is the you should understand like what is the actual the the security fix that actual the the security fix that actual the the security fix that happened here? What what were you at happened here? What what were you at happened here? What what were you at risk of? risk of? risk of? &gt;&gt; Should I give this to my agent and say, &gt;&gt; Should I give this to my agent and say, &gt;&gt; Should I give this to my agent and say, "Did anything I build get affected by "Did anything I build get affected by "Did anything I build get affected by this? Do I need to make any changes?" this? Do I need to make any changes?" this? Do I need to make any changes?" &gt;&gt; That's actually a great point. You would &gt;&gt; That's actually a great point. You would &gt;&gt; That's actually a great point. You would point it at this. You would you would point it at this. You would you would point it at this. You would you would ask that and and it and that's actually ask that and and it and that's actually ask that and and it and that's actually a good prompt to just run every so a good prompt to just run every so a good prompt to just run every so often. Hey, is there anything that often. Hey, is there anything that often. Hey, is there anything that that's out of date that that should be that's out of date that that should be that's out of date that that should be updated that might have security risk? updated that might have security risk? updated that might have security risk? When you look at the when you look at When you look at the when you look at When you look at the when you look at the the identifiers for the they all are the the identifiers for the they all are the the identifiers for the they all are saying CVE-some number. There's a huge

[14:15] saying CVE-some number. There's a huge saying CVE-some number. There's a huge repository of all that information repository of all that information repository of all that information that's public and your agent has access that's public and your agent has access that's public and your agent has access to it. And so you just say, "Are there to it. And so you just say, "Are there to it. And so you just say, "Are there any like security vulnerabilities that I any like security vulnerabilities that I any like security vulnerabilities that I should be aware of that that need to be should be aware of that that need to be should be aware of that that need to be fixed?" Your agent will go, it'll fixed?" Your agent will go, it'll fixed?" Your agent will go, it'll research, it'll it'll fix it for you. research, it'll it'll fix it for you. research, it'll it'll fix it for you. It's an easy prompt to run. It's an easy prompt to run. It's an easy prompt to run. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. This one I'm really excited to talk This one I'm really excited to talk This one I'm really excited to talk about because it's so visual. So, about because it's so visual. So, about because it's so visual. So, Impeccable basically is supposed to give Impeccable basically is supposed to give Impeccable basically is supposed to give your coding agent a designer's eye so it your coding agent a designer's eye so it your coding agent a designer's eye so it doesn't look just like Claude code, doesn't look just like Claude code, doesn't look just like Claude code, cursor, and everything else that we're cursor, and everything else that we're cursor, and everything else that we're all that we're all creating. all that we're all creating. all that we're all creating. I asked um my agent, which happens to be

[14:46] I asked um my agent, which happens to be I asked um my agent, which happens to be Claude, to Where is that? Where is it? Claude, to Where is that? Where is it? Claude, to Where is that? Where is it? Here. Here. Here. I said, "Take this." There it is. I said, "Take this." There it is. I said, "Take this." There it is. Take this whole presentation and use Take this whole presentation and use Take this whole presentation and use this design skill on it. Here's what it this design skill on it. Here's what it this design skill on it. Here's what it looks like. I kind of like it. looks like. I kind of like it. looks like. I kind of like it. &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; Right? I like that it has its own little &gt;&gt; Right? I like that it has its own little &gt;&gt; Right? I like that it has its own little style here that it's it's come up with style here that it's it's come up with style here that it's it's come up with new versions of my slides, but kept the new versions of my slides, but kept the new versions of my slides, but kept the ideas together. I think these are so ideas together. I think these are so ideas together. I think these are so useful to just take the URL of the repo, useful to just take the URL of the repo, useful to just take the URL of the repo, give it to your agent, and say, "Create give it to your agent, and say, "Create give it to your agent, and say, "Create a version of what you just made for me

[15:16] a version of what you just made for me a version of what you just made for me with this." And and then get what it with this." And and then get what it with this." And and then get what it looks like. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I really like these, Andrew. I &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I really like these, Andrew. I think they all kind of have their own think they all kind of have their own think they all kind of have their own style, just like Claude Code has its own style, just like Claude Code has its own style, just like Claude Code has its own style. style. style. Uh you know, this thing will probably Uh you know, this thing will probably Uh you know, this thing will probably also have its own style. I'd be curious, also have its own style. I'd be curious, also have its own style. I'd be curious, are there any screenshots or anything in are there any screenshots or anything in are there any screenshots or anything in here of the different styles that here of the different styles that here of the different styles that &gt;&gt; They will &gt;&gt; They will &gt;&gt; They will &gt;&gt; has created? &gt;&gt; has created? &gt;&gt; has created? &gt;&gt; Yeah, where is it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, where is it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, where is it? Um here, let's take a look at They have Um here, let's take a look at They have Um here, let's take a look at They have a whole gallery up on their site, and a whole gallery up on their site, and a whole gallery up on their site, and there's a way of asking for what you

[15:46] there's a way of asking for what you there's a way of asking for what you want. Yeah, it's really nice. I specific want. Yeah, it's really nice. I specific want. Yeah, it's really nice. I specific I picked one of their design styles, and I picked one of their design styles, and I picked one of their design styles, and I said, "Make it over in that style." I said, "Make it over in that style." I said, "Make it over in that style." And that's why I did it. And you can see And that's why I did it. And you can see And that's why I did it. And you can see a whole gallery here with a whole gallery here with a whole gallery here with &gt;&gt; So, what's usually generated What's &gt;&gt; So, what's usually generated What's &gt;&gt; So, what's usually generated What's &gt;&gt; What's usually missing? &gt;&gt; What's usually missing? &gt;&gt; What's usually missing? &gt;&gt; missing from a Claude Code generated &gt;&gt; missing from a Claude Code generated &gt;&gt; missing from a Claude Code generated design is some sort of human input of design is some sort of human input of design is some sort of human input of what style makes sense to you, what what style makes sense to you, what what style makes sense to you, what style do you like. And when you just style do you like. And when you just style do you like. And when you just accept what comes out, you end up with accept what comes out, you end up with accept what comes out, you end up with the same average everybody else has. I the same average everybody else has. I the same average everybody else has. I love galleries like this love galleries like this love galleries like this &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; where you as a human, with your own

[16:16] &gt;&gt; where you as a human, with your own &gt;&gt; where you as a human, with your own aesthetic, can scroll through and say, aesthetic, can scroll through and say, aesthetic, can scroll through and say, "Ooh, I like that. I don't like that." "Ooh, I like that. I don't like that." "Ooh, I like that. I don't like that." And just the act of picking one of And just the act of picking one of And just the act of picking one of these, and then having a copy and paste these, and then having a copy and paste these, and then having a copy and paste prompt that you can drop in to adopt prompt that you can drop in to adopt prompt that you can drop in to adopt that style or even customize that style, that style or even customize that style, that style or even customize that style, I think that's a really powerful step I think that's a really powerful step I think that's a really powerful step that most people are skipping when that most people are skipping when that most people are skipping when they're deploying their their vibe coded they're deploying their their vibe coded they're deploying their their vibe coded app. app. app. &gt;&gt; I really like this. Um all right. Number &gt;&gt; I really like this. Um all right. Number &gt;&gt; I really like this. Um all right. Number eight. This is 51,000 stars, turn any eight. This is 51,000 stars, turn any eight. This is 51,000 stars, turn any app into a command line, your agent can app into a command line, your agent can app into a command line, your agent can drive. What's the benefit of having a

[16:47] drive. What's the benefit of having a drive. What's the benefit of having a command line? command line? command line? &gt;&gt; Well, you know, I I think there's a lot &gt;&gt; Well, you know, I I think there's a lot &gt;&gt; Well, you know, I I think there's a lot of apps that you and I use that don't of apps that you and I use that don't of apps that you and I use that don't have an easy way for our agents to have an easy way for our agents to have an easy way for our agents to interact with them. I booked a hotel interact with them. I booked a hotel interact with them. I booked a hotel yesterday, and the agent helped me yesterday, and the agent helped me yesterday, and the agent helped me research it, but couldn't quite help me research it, but couldn't quite help me research it, but couldn't quite help me actually book it. Or you could put Grok actually book it. Or you could put Grok actually book it. Or you could put Grok Bot or something in charge, but I don't Bot or something in charge, but I don't Bot or something in charge, but I don't know, how long do you think it would know, how long do you think it would know, how long do you think it would take Grok Bot to uh book an Uber for take Grok Bot to uh book an Uber for take Grok Bot to uh book an Uber for you? Is this a Is this a 2-minute task? you? Is this a Is this a 2-minute task? you? Is this a Is this a 2-minute task? &gt;&gt; You know what? I do it almost every day, &gt;&gt; You know what? I do it almost every day, &gt;&gt; You know what? I do it almost every day, and it takes a good 15 minutes. All it and it takes a good 15 minutes. All it and it takes a good 15 minutes. All it has to do is click around a few things,

[17:17] has to do is click around a few things, has to do is click around a few things, and I prefer it do it than me, but still and I prefer it do it than me, but still and I prefer it do it than me, but still the 15 minutes sometimes is just ag- the 15 minutes sometimes is just ag- the 15 minutes sometimes is just ag- agonizing. agonizing. agonizing. &gt;&gt; It's Yeah, it's insane. And And so, you &gt;&gt; It's Yeah, it's insane. And And so, you &gt;&gt; It's Yeah, it's insane. And And so, you know, the reason why that's that's the know, the reason why that's that's the know, the reason why that's that's the case is because Uber doesn't have a case is because Uber doesn't have a case is because Uber doesn't have a great interface for your AI to interact great interface for your AI to interact great interface for your AI to interact with it. It's trying to navigate the app with it. It's trying to navigate the app with it. It's trying to navigate the app or the website or whatever. And so, a or the website or whatever. And so, a or the website or whatever. And so, a CLI, a command line interface, is a very CLI, a command line interface, is a very CLI, a command line interface, is a very computer way to interact with software. computer way to interact with software. computer way to interact with software. And AI is very good at interacting with And AI is very good at interacting with And AI is very good at interacting with the command line. And so, if if the app the command line. And so, if if the app the command line. And so, if if the app doesn't have a command line interface,

[17:48] doesn't have a command line interface, doesn't have a command line interface, this is a way to either build one or use this is a way to either build one or use this is a way to either build one or use one. They have a small marketplace of a one. They have a small marketplace of a one. They have a small marketplace of a bunch of these already built out, and bunch of these already built out, and bunch of these already built out, and you can just use one that already you can just use one that already you can just use one that already exists. exists. exists. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, but this is not for Uber. I checked to but this is not for Uber. I checked to but this is not for Uber. I checked to see if I can use it for Uber, and I was see if I can use it for Uber, and I was see if I can use it for Uber, and I was told I can't. This is for like desktop told I can't. This is for like desktop told I can't. This is for like desktop apps, I think. And then for something apps, I think. And then for something apps, I think. And then for something like Uber, I would use Printing Press. like Uber, I would use Printing Press. like Uber, I would use Printing Press. And here you can see Printing Press can And here you can see Printing Press can And here you can see Printing Press can create a CLI for Uber, right? create a CLI for Uber, right? create a CLI for Uber, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, the It It It seems like the &gt;&gt; Yeah, the It It It seems like the &gt;&gt; Yeah, the It It It seems like the difference between these two is that

[18:18] difference between these two is that difference between these two is that Printing Press is maybe the more open Printing Press is maybe the more open Printing Press is maybe the more open version, where you can do anything, but version, where you can do anything, but version, where you can do anything, but it can also be very custom to you, and it can also be very custom to you, and it can also be very custom to you, and no one else has to see. Whereas, the the no one else has to see. Whereas, the the no one else has to see. Whereas, the the other one does seem to be more around other one does seem to be more around other one does seem to be more around packaging around code that already packaging around code that already packaging around code that already exists, that's already open source, exists, that's already open source, exists, that's already open source, that's already available. And like Uber that's already available. And like Uber that's already available. And like Uber doesn't have an SDK that you can run doesn't have an SDK that you can run doesn't have an SDK that you can run locally on your computer. And so, then I locally on your computer. And so, then I locally on your computer. And so, then I My understanding is it can't wrap around My understanding is it can't wrap around My understanding is it can't wrap around that. Whereas, Printing Press is is that. Whereas, Printing Press is is that. Whereas, Printing Press is is happy to help you figure out how do I happy to help you figure out how do I happy to help you figure out how do I interact with this app in a more visual

[18:48] interact with this app in a more visual interact with this app in a more visual way, or even reverse engineer the app. way, or even reverse engineer the app. way, or even reverse engineer the app. &gt;&gt; Number nine for the week is Claude &gt;&gt; Number nine for the week is Claude &gt;&gt; Number nine for the week is Claude Skills. Your AI assistant is going to Skills. Your AI assistant is going to Skills. Your AI assistant is going to get 388 job-specific playbooks. get 388 job-specific playbooks. get 388 job-specific playbooks. And And And &gt;&gt; More skills. Woohoo! &gt;&gt; More skills. Woohoo! &gt;&gt; More skills. Woohoo! &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You know what? Hey, you people who've &gt;&gt; You know what? Hey, you people who've &gt;&gt; You know what? Hey, you people who've been asking for more skills, are you been asking for more skills, are you been asking for more skills, are you happy that we're getting more skills in happy that we're getting more skills in happy that we're getting more skills in here, or are you starting to think, here, or are you starting to think, here, or are you starting to think, "Okay, I've got enough of them." Let me "Okay, I've got enough of them." Let me "Okay, I've got enough of them." Let me know. know. know. &gt;&gt; Let me say, you know I'm the negative &gt;&gt; Let me say, you know I'm the negative &gt;&gt; Let me say, you know I'm the negative skill guy, but let me tell you the thing skill guy, but let me tell you the thing skill guy, but let me tell you the thing I like about this one. I know that's a I like about this one. I know that's a I like about this one. I know that's a surprising sentence. I like this concept surprising sentence. I like this concept surprising sentence. I like this concept of personas here.

[19:19] of personas here. of personas here. You know, when I see a skill pack and You know, when I see a skill pack and You know, when I see a skill pack and there's 200 skills, it frustrates me there's 200 skills, it frustrates me there's 200 skills, it frustrates me because we've basically taken this super because we've basically taken this super because we've basically taken this super powerful generalist AI and we've given powerful generalist AI and we've given powerful generalist AI and we've given it a bunch of generalist skills a bunch it a bunch of generalist skills a bunch it a bunch of generalist skills a bunch of among a bunch of industries, most of of among a bunch of industries, most of of among a bunch of industries, most of which I don't care about. What I which I don't care about. What I which I don't care about. What I actually want is I want a partner. I actually want is I want a partner. I actually want is I want a partner. I want an agent. I want something that want an agent. I want something that want an agent. I want something that understands one specific workflow and a understands one specific workflow and a understands one specific workflow and a persona is exactly that. It's talking persona is exactly that. It's talking persona is exactly that. It's talking about how do I tie together a collection

[19:49] about how do I tie together a collection about how do I tie together a collection of skills so that I can show up like a of skills so that I can show up like a of skills so that I can show up like a partner to you. So, I really appreciate partner to you. So, I really appreciate partner to you. So, I really appreciate that about this package and that would that about this package and that would that about this package and that would be a you know, I would come to this one be a you know, I would come to this one be a you know, I would come to this one first when I was looking for you know, first when I was looking for you know, first when I was looking for you know, some kind of team teammate that I didn't some kind of team teammate that I didn't some kind of team teammate that I didn't want to hire for. I actually just would want to hire for. I actually just would want to hire for. I actually just would like AI to do it. like AI to do it. like AI to do it. &gt;&gt; So, this is like the productivity &gt;&gt; So, this is like the productivity &gt;&gt; So, this is like the productivity persona and in here I've got my email persona and in here I've got my email persona and in here I've got my email persona. That's going to help me deal persona. That's going to help me deal persona. That's going to help me deal with email. I've got one for deep work. with email. I've got one for deep work. with email. I've got one for deep work. It'll help me work with that. Okay, I It'll help me work with that. Okay, I It'll help me work with that. Okay, I get it. I'll go on now to the next one. get it. I'll go on now to the next one. get it. I'll go on now to the next one. Um Um Um and the final one for the week.

[20:21] and the final one for the week. and the final one for the week. 32,000 stars is Claude code templates. 32,000 stars is Claude code templates. 32,000 stars is Claude code templates. You kit out Claude code with one install You kit out Claude code with one install You kit out Claude code with one install command and it gives you all these command and it gives you all these command and it gives you all these different things that it could use and different things that it could use and different things that it could use and the best way to see it is to actually go the best way to see it is to actually go the best way to see it is to actually go to their website, which is right here. to their website, which is right here. to their website, which is right here. And you can start to see the skills, the And you can start to see the skills, the And you can start to see the skills, the commands, the settings that it comes commands, the settings that it comes commands, the settings that it comes with. with. with. Any thoughts on this one? Any thoughts on this one? Any thoughts on this one? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, I I like these. I've &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, I I like these. I've &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, I I like these. I've talked about this you know, the the if talked about this you know, the the if talked about this you know, the the if you're going to download plugins, please you're going to download plugins, please you're going to download plugins, please be careful. be careful. be careful. That's that's the biggest thing. Plugins That's that's the biggest thing. Plugins That's that's the biggest thing. Plugins have code in them. They they run on your

[20:52] have code in them. They they run on your have code in them. They they run on your computer. They have full permission. computer. They have full permission. computer. They have full permission. Your AI can control them and if you're Your AI can control them and if you're Your AI can control them and if you're downloading plugins that aren't trusted, downloading plugins that aren't trusted, downloading plugins that aren't trusted, please be careful at what's running on please be careful at what's running on please be careful at what's running on your computer. I when I download plugins your computer. I when I download plugins your computer. I when I download plugins always want to download them from some always want to download them from some always want to download them from some marketplace where I can see who has put marketplace where I can see who has put marketplace where I can see who has put it together, what is the traction, is it together, what is the traction, is it together, what is the traction, is this a popular thing? This one has this a popular thing? This one has this a popular thing? This one has 229,000 229,000 229,000 stars. It's very unlikely that this is a stars. It's very unlikely that this is a stars. It's very unlikely that this is a malicious plugin that that's, you know, malicious plugin that that's, you know, malicious plugin that that's, you know, going to that's going to hurt you or going to that's going to hurt you or going to that's going to hurt you or steal your information versus just some steal your information versus just some steal your information versus just some random one that you find on the

[21:22] random one that you find on the random one that you find on the internet. So, I always like someone that internet. So, I always like someone that internet. So, I always like someone that has curated a bunch of these, put them has curated a bunch of these, put them has curated a bunch of these, put them together, and and help me validate cuz I together, and and help me validate cuz I together, and and help me validate cuz I don't have a lot of time to screw around don't have a lot of time to screw around don't have a lot of time to screw around and try a bunch of different ones and try a bunch of different ones and try a bunch of different ones either. I just want to know what's the either. I just want to know what's the either. I just want to know what's the best one, why should I use it? I search best one, why should I use it? I search best one, why should I use it? I search for it? for it? for it? &gt;&gt; And by the way, thanks to the audience, &gt;&gt; And by the way, thanks to the audience, &gt;&gt; And by the way, thanks to the audience, Affan is coming in to record with us. Affan is coming in to record with us. Affan is coming in to record with us. I'll have the interview up with him. He I'll have the interview up with him. He I'll have the interview up with him. He is he's incredibly popular and we'll is he's incredibly popular and we'll is he's incredibly popular and we'll have him on. have him on. have him on. All right, that closes it out, but I All right, that closes it out, but I All right, that closes it out, but I want to just tell you two things that want to just tell you two things that want to just tell you two things that I've done this week and I'd love to hear I've done this week and I'd love to hear I've done this week and I'd love to hear two things that you've done with AI or two things that you've done with AI or two things that you've done with AI or code this week that has been especially code this week that has been especially code this week that has been especially exciting. The first one for me is I am

[21:54] exciting. The first one for me is I am exciting. The first one for me is I am using Codex to book Uber food for me and using Codex to book Uber food for me and using Codex to book Uber food for me and Uber rides for me. I'm in Mexico. I Uber rides for me. I'm in Mexico. I Uber rides for me. I'm in Mexico. I don't read the local menus very well and don't read the local menus very well and don't read the local menus very well and I realize, you know what? If I just tell I realize, you know what? If I just tell I realize, you know what? If I just tell it, here's how I like to eat, here's the it, here's how I like to eat, here's the it, here's how I like to eat, here's the type of stuff I want, and all I do is I type of stuff I want, and all I do is I type of stuff I want, and all I do is I say, "What's for lunch?" and it knows say, "What's for lunch?" and it knows say, "What's for lunch?" and it knows and it gives me a few options and I say, and it gives me a few options and I say, and it gives me a few options and I say, "Okay, book this one." There'll be "Okay, book this one." There'll be "Okay, book this one." There'll be someone at my door for literally a $1.78 someone at my door for literally a $1.78 someone at my door for literally a $1.78 with my food here within 20 minutes. I with my food here within 20 minutes. I with my food here within 20 minutes. I love that I could just ask my agent, in love that I could just ask my agent, in love that I could just ask my agent, in this case I use

[22:24] this case I use this case I use uh Chat GPT or Codex to do it. Um and uh Chat GPT or Codex to do it. Um and uh Chat GPT or Codex to do it. Um and the second thing, Adam, that has been the second thing, Adam, that has been the second thing, Adam, that has been really popular for me this week is really popular for me this week is really popular for me this week is starting to integrate these agents into starting to integrate these agents into starting to integrate these agents into our team more deeply. So, Grogbot now our team more deeply. So, Grogbot now our team more deeply. So, Grogbot now allows us to add team members directly allows us to add team members directly allows us to add team members directly into Slack, not like the wonky way that into Slack, not like the wonky way that into Slack, not like the wonky way that I did it for you to show you what it I did it for you to show you what it I did it for you to show you what it looks like. looks like. looks like. Um Um Um Spot, unfortunately, or Dot, Spot, unfortunately, or Dot, Spot, unfortunately, or Dot, unfortunately, from Chat GPT does a unfortunately, from Chat GPT does a unfortunately, from Chat GPT does a terrible job of doing it, but I've got terrible job of doing it, but I've got terrible job of doing it, but I've got it in a little bit. Hyper agent is it in a little bit. Hyper agent is it in a little bit. Hyper agent is getting more and more like a team member getting more and more like a team member getting more and more like a team member in our Slack and so that's been in our Slack and so that's been in our Slack and so that's been especially exciting for me this week.

[22:55] especially exciting for me this week. especially exciting for me this week. How about for you? How about for you? How about for you? &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Well, there's two things. One is we're &gt;&gt; Well, there's two things. One is we're &gt;&gt; Well, there's two things. One is we're looking for new office space and I've looking for new office space and I've looking for new office space and I've toured a bunch of places, and I'm toured a bunch of places, and I'm toured a bunch of places, and I'm looking at at these floor plans, but I'm looking at at these floor plans, but I'm looking at at these floor plans, but I'm trying to bring it to life for my team. trying to bring it to life for my team. trying to bring it to life for my team. And what I figured out is as I walk And what I figured out is as I walk And what I figured out is as I walk around these offices, I can take around these offices, I can take around these offices, I can take pictures in different locations, or I pictures in different locations, or I pictures in different locations, or I can take a video of the whole area. And can take a video of the whole area. And can take a video of the whole area. And because my phone records the GPS because my phone records the GPS because my phone records the GPS location, the direction I was pointing, location, the direction I was pointing, location, the direction I was pointing, the orientation, I can superimpose those the orientation, I can superimpose those the orientation, I can superimpose those images on a map, so I can give you if I

[23:26] images on a map, so I can give you if I images on a map, so I can give you if I give you the floor plan and tell you give you the floor plan and tell you give you the floor plan and tell you where it is, you can click on a dot and where it is, you can click on a dot and where it is, you can click on a dot and see the direction I was pointing be see the direction I was pointing be see the direction I was pointing be like, "Oh, I could look that way." I like, "Oh, I could look that way." I like, "Oh, I could look that way." I didn't need to bring a fancy 360° didn't need to bring a fancy 360° didn't need to bring a fancy 360° camera. I didn't have to do anything. I camera. I didn't have to do anything. I camera. I didn't have to do anything. I didn't even know it had all that didn't even know it had all that didn't even know it had all that metadata, but the agent found it. When I metadata, but the agent found it. When I metadata, but the agent found it. When I asked the agent, "How should I impose asked the agent, "How should I impose asked the agent, "How should I impose these on the maps?" He's like, "Well, these on the maps?" He's like, "Well, these on the maps?" He's like, "Well, let me tell you. I've actually got the let me tell you. I've actually got the let me tell you. I've actually got the direction you were pointing. Do you just direction you were pointing. Do you just direction you were pointing. Do you just want me to drop them all on? I can give want me to drop them all on? I can give want me to drop them all on? I can give you a screenshot that that you can pull you a screenshot that that you can pull you a screenshot that that you can pull up here cuz it's a it's a pretty up here cuz it's a it's a pretty up here cuz it's a it's a pretty powerful like, "Oh, wow." I think every powerful like, "Oh, wow." I think every powerful like, "Oh, wow." I think every realtor should should be doing this. I I

[23:56] realtor should should be doing this. I I realtor should should be doing this. I I can't believe they're not. can't believe they're not. can't believe they're not. &gt;&gt; Super cool. And also, I can't believe &gt;&gt; Super cool. And also, I can't believe &gt;&gt; Super cool. And also, I can't believe you guys are moving. You just picked out you guys are moving. You just picked out you guys are moving. You just picked out such a beautiful office that I love such a beautiful office that I love such a beautiful office that I love working out of. All right. working out of. All right. working out of. All right. &gt;&gt; The next one will be even more &gt;&gt; The next one will be even more &gt;&gt; The next one will be even more beautiful, Andrew. Don't worry. beautiful, Andrew. Don't worry. beautiful, Andrew. Don't worry. &gt;&gt; I guess even bigger. I've been hearing &gt;&gt; I guess even bigger. I've been hearing &gt;&gt; I guess even bigger. I've been hearing about how many people are now working at about how many people are now working at about how many people are now working at the office at Gateway X. We've got a lot the office at Gateway X. We've got a lot the office at Gateway X. We've got a lot to update everyone on, and especially to update everyone on, and especially to update everyone on, and especially me. For now, if you like these 10 repos, me. For now, if you like these 10 repos, me. For now, if you like these 10 repos, I got 10 others that you need to see. I got 10 others that you need to see. I got 10 others that you need to see. Adam and I will take you through them Adam and I will take you through them Adam and I will take you through them right here. right here. right here. All right, Adam. Thanks for the tip on All right, Adam. Thanks for the tip on All right, Adam. Thanks for the tip on the
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=CQhWqUOouYM
