# Transcript: Grok Bot: Make money, Grow businesses, Save Cash

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7Rm5FvA7hU
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 40:23 · Words: 26492
Other available languages: a-hi (hi) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/o7Rm5FvA7hU.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=o7Rm5FvA7hU

## Transcript
[0:02] Grockbot is the best and easiest to use Grockbot is the best and easiest to use agent out there, but I want to see what agent out there, but I want to see what agent out there, but I want to see what we could do with it. I've got a we could do with it. I've got a we could do with it. I've got a collection of videos that I've seen on collection of videos that I've seen on collection of videos that I've seen on YouTube. I've tried them. I've got YouTube. I've tried them. I've got YouTube. I've tried them. I've got feedback on what works and what doesn't feedback on what works and what doesn't feedback on what works and what doesn't and how you can use Grockbot to make and how you can use Grockbot to make and how you can use Grockbot to make money, grow your business, or [music] money, grow your business, or [music] money, grow your business, or [music] save money. Presented by Zapier, the AI save money. Presented by Zapier, the AI save money. Presented by Zapier, the AI automation company. automation company. automation company. &gt;&gt; Let's look at the first one. This is &gt;&gt; Let's look at the first one. This is &gt;&gt; Let's look at the first one. This is from Brock. He uses it to have his from Brock. He uses it to have his from Brock. He uses it to have his Grockbot at the end of a meeting do all Grockbot at the end of a meeting do all Grockbot at the end of a meeting do all the tasks that came up in the meeting. the tasks that came up in the meeting. the tasks that came up in the meeting. Check out how he does it. And I've got Check out how he does it. And I've got Check out how he does it. And I've got an opinion on this. show you exactly how an opinion on this. show you exactly how an opinion on this. show you exactly how granola works. This is what a note looks

[0:32] granola works. This is what a note looks granola works. This is what a note looks like. like. like. &gt;&gt; And he's using Granola as a meeting &gt;&gt; And he's using Granola as a meeting &gt;&gt; And he's using Granola as a meeting notetaker. notetaker. notetaker. &gt;&gt; So, this is from a meeting that I &gt;&gt; So, this is from a meeting that I &gt;&gt; So, this is from a meeting that I actually had a little bit ago where I actually had a little bit ago where I actually had a little bit ago where I kind of break down kind of all the kind of break down kind of all the kind of break down kind of all the things that I need to work on. I just things that I need to work on. I just things that I need to work on. I just basically just gave it a brain dump um basically just gave it a brain dump um basically just gave it a brain dump um of everything that I need to do over the of everything that I need to do over the of everything that I need to do over the next couple of days. And what it did is next couple of days. And what it did is next couple of days. And what it did is it automatically took the transcript it automatically took the transcript it automatically took the transcript which I could go and click on and it which I could go and click on and it which I could go and click on and it turned that transcript into a list of turned that transcript into a list of turned that transcript into a list of the main talking points and action items the main talking points and action items the main talking points and action items from this call. from this call. from this call. &gt;&gt; Okay, pretty interesting. We all get &gt;&gt; Okay, pretty interesting. We all get &gt;&gt; Okay, pretty interesting. We all get this. But the next step I thought was

[1:03] this. But the next step I thought was this. But the next step I thought was was the fascinating part. was the fascinating part. was the fascinating part. &gt;&gt; Hey, I want you to go and pull my last &gt;&gt; Hey, I want you to go and pull my last &gt;&gt; Hey, I want you to go and pull my last meeting inside of Granola. Now take a meeting inside of Granola. Now take a meeting inside of Granola. Now take a look at this. Not only did it pull from look at this. Not only did it pull from look at this. Not only did it pull from the granola note that I had and pulled the granola note that I had and pulled the granola note that I had and pulled all of the different action items from all of the different action items from all of the different action items from it, but it automatically routed from it, but it automatically routed from it, but it automatically routed from that note these different action items that note these different action items that note these different action items for these specific AI agents. And if I for these specific AI agents. And if I for these specific AI agents. And if I click on this, you can see that it click on this, you can see that it click on this, you can see that it messaged all five of these different messaged all five of these different messaged all five of these different agents from that one note that I agents from that one note that I agents from that one note that I created. So, agent tracker, short form, created. So, agent tracker, short form, created. So, agent tracker, short form, content bot, brand partnership agent, content bot, brand partnership agent, content bot, brand partnership agent, and invoice agent are now all working on

[1:34] and invoice agent are now all working on and invoice agent are now all working on these tasks that I got from Granola. And these tasks that I got from Granola. And these tasks that I got from Granola. And over on the left hand side, as you can over on the left hand side, as you can over on the left hand side, as you can see, there's these little blue dots, and see, there's these little blue dots, and see, there's these little blue dots, and that just means these AI agents have that just means these AI agents have that just means these AI agents have been working. So, let's go take a look been working. So, let's go take a look been working. So, let's go take a look at what they did. If I click on my at what they did. If I click on my at what they did. If I click on my content bot, it set up a routine that content bot, it set up a routine that content bot, it set up a routine that automatically scrapes my YouTube automatically scrapes my YouTube automatically scrapes my YouTube competitors. That is pretty cool. I competitors. That is pretty cool. I competitors. That is pretty cool. I literally didn't have to do anything. literally didn't have to do anything. literally didn't have to do anything. This is all from that meeting that I had This is all from that meeting that I had This is all from that meeting that I had that Granola took these action items that Granola took these action items that Granola took these action items from and is going and doing these tasks from and is going and doing these tasks from and is going and doing these tasks for me now. And it knows exactly which for me now. And it knows exactly which for me now. And it knows exactly which agent to delegate these to. And then if agent to delegate these to. And then if agent to delegate these to. And then if I click on my short form agent, it then

[2:04] I click on my short form agent, it then I click on my short form agent, it then went and researched some different went and researched some different went and researched some different Instagram carousels since it knows that Instagram carousels since it knows that Instagram carousels since it knows that I need to work on creating five I need to work on creating five I need to work on creating five different Instagram carousels for the different Instagram carousels for the different Instagram carousels for the week. So now I have all these ideas week. So now I have all these ideas week. So now I have all these ideas ready to go. And all I have to do is ready to go. And all I have to do is ready to go. And all I have to do is pick which ones I want to move forward pick which ones I want to move forward pick which ones I want to move forward with, and it will automatically route with, and it will automatically route with, and it will automatically route this task to my IG carousel agent, which this task to my IG carousel agent, which this task to my IG carousel agent, which we created earlier on in this video. And we created earlier on in this video. And we created earlier on in this video. And if I come inside of my invoice agent, if I come inside of my invoice agent, if I come inside of my invoice agent, you can see it literally went and you can see it literally went and you can see it literally went and drafted this invoice here. And this is drafted this invoice here. And this is drafted this invoice here. And this is ready to go and ready to be sent to this ready to go and ready to be sent to this ready to go and ready to be sent to this client over Gmail. [laughter] client over Gmail. [laughter] client over Gmail. [laughter] &gt;&gt; And of course, I'll have a link if you

[2:34] &gt;&gt; And of course, I'll have a link if you &gt;&gt; And of course, I'll have a link if you want to see the rest of his video below. want to see the rest of his video below. want to see the rest of his video below. But I want to show you Andrew But I want to show you Andrew But I want to show you Andrew specifically the setup because I have an specifically the setup because I have an specifically the setup because I have an opinion on his setups. Here's how he opinion on his setups. Here's how he opinion on his setups. Here's how he does it. does it. does it. &gt;&gt; Right here that is called granola &gt;&gt; Right here that is called granola &gt;&gt; Right here that is called granola action. action. action. &gt;&gt; So you know routines in Grockbot are &gt;&gt; So you know routines in Grockbot are &gt;&gt; So you know routines in Grockbot are basically their scheduled tasks and each basically their scheduled tasks and each basically their scheduled tasks and each bot has a set of scheduled tasks called bot has a set of scheduled tasks called bot has a set of scheduled tasks called routines. routines. routines. &gt;&gt; Sweep. And this runs every 3 hours on &gt;&gt; Sweep. And this runs every 3 hours on &gt;&gt; Sweep. And this runs every 3 hours on weekdays. So, if I click on this, weekdays. So, if I click on this, weekdays. So, if I click on this, there's just a pretty basic set of there's just a pretty basic set of there's just a pretty basic set of instructions of exactly how this task is instructions of exactly how this task is instructions of exactly how this task is supposed to go down. But if I look at supposed to go down. But if I look at supposed to go down. But if I look at this, it's actually pretty in-depth, this, it's actually pretty in-depth, this, it's actually pretty in-depth, honestly, which is great cuz hopefully honestly, which is great cuz hopefully

[3:04] honestly, which is great cuz hopefully this will never make any mistakes. this will never make any mistakes. this will never make any mistakes. &gt;&gt; Here's my problem with it. Every 3 hours &gt;&gt; Here's my problem with it. Every 3 hours &gt;&gt; Here's my problem with it. Every 3 hours is a little delayed. I think what he is a little delayed. I think what he is a little delayed. I think what he needs to have is as soon as the meeting needs to have is as soon as the meeting needs to have is as soon as the meeting is done, uh, Granola needs to ping is done, uh, Granola needs to ping is done, uh, Granola needs to ping Slackbot. Excuse me, not Slackbot needs Slackbot. Excuse me, not Slackbot needs Slackbot. Excuse me, not Slackbot needs to ping his Grockbot and tell it, "I to ping his Grockbot and tell it, "I to ping his Grockbot and tell it, "I have a new meeting with action items. have a new meeting with action items. have a new meeting with action items. Get to work." And not to make this into Get to work." And not to make this into Get to work." And not to make this into a Zapier ad, but Zapier is the only way a Zapier ad, but Zapier is the only way a Zapier ad, but Zapier is the only way to do that, right? It doesn't work to do that, right? It doesn't work to do that, right? It doesn't work natively with Granola. natively with Granola. natively with Granola. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And also, Grapot accept web hooks &gt;&gt; Yeah. And also, Grapot accept web hooks &gt;&gt; Yeah. And also, Grapot accept web hooks as a trigger. So, you can wake it up

[3:34] as a trigger. So, you can wake it up as a trigger. So, you can wake it up from uh Zapier, do something, and then from uh Zapier, do something, and then from uh Zapier, do something, and then start your routine within the app, which start your routine within the app, which start your routine within the app, which is amazing if you combine both. is amazing if you combine both. is amazing if you combine both. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the problem with him &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the problem with him &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the problem with him having it run every 3 hours is it's just having it run every 3 hours is it's just having it run every 3 hours is it's just wasting tokens and it's leading to wasting tokens and it's leading to wasting tokens and it's leading to potential mistakes. And also, you want potential mistakes. And also, you want potential mistakes. And also, you want that immediiacy. The other suggestion that immediiacy. The other suggestion that immediiacy. The other suggestion that I have is that I have is that I have is &gt;&gt; he's having his agents immediately take &gt;&gt; he's having his agents immediately take &gt;&gt; he's having his agents immediately take action at the end of a meeting. I think action at the end of a meeting. I think action at the end of a meeting. I think that's just a recipe for disaster. He that's just a recipe for disaster. He that's just a recipe for disaster. He should have one agent, like a main should have one agent, like a main should have one agent, like a main agent, come in and say, "Look, here are agent, come in and say, "Look, here are agent, come in and say, "Look, here are the tasks that I noticed in the meeting. the tasks that I noticed in the meeting. the tasks that I noticed in the meeting. Select from these uh buttons which ones Select from these uh buttons which ones Select from these uh buttons which ones you want us to act on, and we will take

[4:05] you want us to act on, and we will take you want us to act on, and we will take action." So, this demos well. I think action." So, this demos well. I think action." So, this demos well. I think there are a couple of twists, but I love there are a couple of twists, but I love there are a couple of twists, but I love this use case. Let's go on to the next this use case. Let's go on to the next this use case. Let's go on to the next because I have so many of them. All because I have so many of them. All because I have so many of them. All right, this is a faster one and it has right, this is a faster one and it has right, this is a faster one and it has bigger implications. It's about how bigger implications. It's about how bigger implications. It's about how Grockbot can use your computer. Grockbot can use your computer. Grockbot can use your computer. local file access. So that means that local file access. So that means that local file access. So that means that yes, they have a cloud computer that yes, they have a cloud computer that yes, they have a cloud computer that they all share, but whatever computer they all share, but whatever computer they all share, but whatever computer that you're actually working on, they that you're actually working on, they that you're actually working on, they can access local files. So right here, can access local files. So right here, can access local files. So right here, you can see that I gave it a file path, you can see that I gave it a file path, you can see that I gave it a file path, which was in my downloads. I said, which was in my downloads. I said, which was in my downloads. I said, "Analyze this file and tell me what's in "Analyze this file and tell me what's in "Analyze this file and tell me what's in it. It grabbed it. It analyzed it. I it. It grabbed it. It analyzed it. I it. It grabbed it. It analyzed it. I told it to rename it and then move it."

[4:36] told it to rename it and then move it." told it to rename it and then move it." And it actually was able to rename it And it actually was able to rename it And it actually was able to rename it and move it. So if I go into my new and move it. So if I go into my new and move it. So if I go into my new thumbs, this is the file that it was thumbs, this is the file that it was thumbs, this is the file that it was talking about right here. It used to be talking about right here. It used to be talking about right here. It used to be in my downloads and it was just called in my downloads and it was just called in my downloads and it was just called like, you know, orange blah blah blah. like, you know, orange blah blah blah. like, you know, orange blah blah blah. And then it looked at it, it renamed it And then it looked at it, it renamed it And then it looked at it, it renamed it to zero to pro. And then it moved it to zero to pro. And then it moved it to zero to pro. And then it moved it inside of this new thumbs folder. And it inside of this new thumbs folder. And it inside of this new thumbs folder. And it did this locally on my own desktop. did this locally on my own desktop. did this locally on my own desktop. &gt;&gt; So the the thing that I wish that &gt;&gt; So the the thing that I wish that &gt;&gt; So the the thing that I wish that Grockbot had that uh uh Codeex has is Grockbot had that uh uh Codeex has is Grockbot had that uh uh Codeex has is the ability to actually start clicking the ability to actually start clicking the ability to actually start clicking buttons and use a computer just like a buttons and use a computer just like a buttons and use a computer just like a human being with a mouse. It doesn't human being with a mouse. It doesn't human being with a mouse. It doesn't have that, but it can move folders like

[5:07] have that, but it can move folders like have that, but it can move folders like this. And the other thing it was able to this. And the other thing it was able to this. And the other thing it was able to do for me is do for me is do for me is &gt;&gt; as I was in an Uber going home &gt;&gt; as I was in an Uber going home &gt;&gt; as I was in an Uber going home yesterday, I said, "Why is my computer yesterday, I said, "Why is my computer yesterday, I said, "Why is my computer so slow?" I was able to go to Grockbot so slow?" I was able to go to Grockbot so slow?" I was able to go to Grockbot and say, "Go figure out the memory and say, "Go figure out the memory and say, "Go figure out the memory issue." And it saw what was eating issue." And it saw what was eating issue." And it saw what was eating memory. It turned out it was the codeex memory. It turned out it was the codeex memory. It turned out it was the codeex app and my Chrome and uh and it helped app and my Chrome and uh and it helped app and my Chrome and uh and it helped that way. Have you used it at all to that way. Have you used it at all to that way. Have you used it at all to control your computer? control your computer? control your computer? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's very handy because you &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's very handy because you &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's very handy because you can use it from any device. So, you can can use it from any device. So, you can can use it from any device. So, you can actually use your mobile phone, ask actually use your mobile phone, ask actually use your mobile phone, ask questions about your desktop, and it questions about your desktop, and it questions about your desktop, and it goes uses your desktop and make changes.

[5:37] goes uses your desktop and make changes. goes uses your desktop and make changes. One day I had uh an app that I'm using One day I had uh an app that I'm using One day I had uh an app that I'm using to connect remotely and it was crashed. to connect remotely and it was crashed. to connect remotely and it was crashed. I couldn't use it and I said what's I couldn't use it and I said what's I couldn't use it and I said what's wrong and it technically uh checked it wrong and it technically uh checked it wrong and it technically uh checked it and restarted the whole server for me and restarted the whole server for me and restarted the whole server for me and then I connected from the phone. and then I connected from the phone. and then I connected from the phone. Really helpful feature. I forget to use Really helpful feature. I forget to use Really helpful feature. I forget to use it and I'm glad to see some examples it and I'm glad to see some examples it and I'm glad to see some examples that will jog my memory for next time. that will jog my memory for next time. that will jog my memory for next time. Okay, this is one that will help you get Okay, this is one that will help you get Okay, this is one that will help you get ranked in uh AI results. One of the ranked in uh AI results. One of the ranked in uh AI results. One of the things that I know about Zapier is it

[6:07] things that I know about Zapier is it things that I know about Zapier is it keeps getting recommended by agents keeps getting recommended by agents keeps getting recommended by agents because you all are very good at AEO. because you all are very good at AEO. because you all are very good at AEO. Here's how people can watch how agents Here's how people can watch how agents Here's how people can watch how agents recommend them. I like this from AI recommend them. I like this from AI recommend them. I like this from AI labs. labs. labs. Previously, if you had an app and wanted Previously, if you had an app and wanted Previously, if you had an app and wanted people to know about it, you mainly had people to know about it, you mainly had people to know about it, you mainly had to make sure your product ranked well on to make sure your product ranked well on to make sure your product ranked well on search engines like Google because search engines like Google because search engines like Google because that's where people were searching for that's where people were searching for that's where people were searching for solutions to their problems. But now, solutions to their problems. But now, solutions to their problems. But now, people also use AI to search for things. people also use AI to search for things. people also use AI to search for things. So, you need to make sure your product So, you need to make sure your product So, you need to make sure your product shows up there as well. More people are shows up there as well. More people are shows up there as well. More people are now asking AI what products they should now asking AI what products they should now asking AI what products they should use, and these models search the web

[6:38] use, and these models search the web use, and these models search the web before giving them an answer. So, if before giving them an answer. So, if before giving them an answer. So, if your product isn't showing up in those your product isn't showing up in those your product isn't showing up in those answers, a lot of people might never answers, a lot of people might never answers, a lot of people might never find out about it. That's harder to find out about it. That's harder to find out about it. That's harder to check than a normal Google search. With check than a normal Google search. With check than a normal Google search. With Google, you can search for something and Google, you can search for something and Google, you can search for something and see where your product appears in the see where your product appears in the see where your product appears in the results. But with AI search, it's harder results. But with AI search, it's harder results. But with AI search, it's harder to know whether your product is actually to know whether your product is actually to know whether your product is actually being recommended. You can create a bot being recommended. You can create a bot being recommended. You can create a bot that goes to chatgpt claude and that goes to chatgpt claude and that goes to chatgpt claude and perplexity and asks the kinds of perplexity and asks the kinds of perplexity and asks the kinds of questions a real person might ask when questions a real person might ask when questions a real person might ask when they're looking for a product like yours they're looking for a product like yours they're looking for a product like yours without mentioning your product by name. without mentioning your product by name. without mentioning your product by name. That part matters because if you ask an

[7:08] That part matters because if you ask an That part matters because if you ask an AI about your product by name, it can AI about your product by name, it can AI about your product by name, it can just tell you about it. But people who just tell you about it. But people who just tell you about it. But people who don't already know about your product don't already know about your product don't already know about your product aren't going to search for it by name. aren't going to search for it by name. aren't going to search for it by name. So what you really need to know is So what you really need to know is So what you really need to know is whether your product shows up when whether your product shows up when whether your product shows up when nobody has mentioned it. So when you ask nobody has mentioned it. So when you ask nobody has mentioned it. So when you ask it to check, it will open up all the AI it to check, it will open up all the AI it to check, it will open up all the AI tools in the browser, give them prompt tools in the browser, give them prompt tools in the browser, give them prompt and review their answers. Based on their and review their answers. Based on their and review their answers. Based on their answers, it will give you a thorough answers, it will give you a thorough answers, it will give you a thorough report and will also mention what part report and will also mention what part report and will also mention what part of your app would need to be changed. of your app would need to be changed. of your app would need to be changed. &gt;&gt; It's a little disconcerting that the AI &gt;&gt; It's a little disconcerting that the AI &gt;&gt; It's a little disconcerting that the AI labs videos don't have a face. It feels labs videos don't have a face. It feels labs videos don't have a face. It feels it makes me anxious somehow. But this is

[7:39] it makes me anxious somehow. But this is it makes me anxious somehow. But this is a very good use case because what you a very good use case because what you a very good use case because what you could do is tell Grockbot, go and make could do is tell Grockbot, go and make could do is tell Grockbot, go and make up the kinds of questions that our up the kinds of questions that our up the kinds of questions that our people will ask and see where we show people will ask and see where we show people will ask and see where we show up. And you've got all these resources up. And you've got all these resources up. And you've got all these resources here. So you might as well have it spin here. So you might as well have it spin here. So you might as well have it spin it up and use use its search time, it up and use use its search time, it up and use use its search time, right? right? right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it also has a browser that you &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it also has a browser that you &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it also has a browser that you can pre-authorize all those tools and can pre-authorize all those tools and can pre-authorize all those tools and use your accounts which makes it very use your accounts which makes it very use your accounts which makes it very handy for it. handy for it. handy for it. &gt;&gt; And I've done that for one big important &gt;&gt; And I've done that for one big important &gt;&gt; And I've done that for one big important reason. I like Claude for certain reason. I like Claude for certain reason. I like Claude for certain things, certain type of programming things, certain type of programming things, certain type of programming better than Grockbot. I like chat GPT or

[8:09] better than Grockbot. I like chat GPT or better than Grockbot. I like chat GPT or or open a uh open AI software for for or open a uh open AI software for for or open a uh open AI software for for others. And so what I did was I others. And so what I did was I others. And so what I did was I basically installed them via CLI on all basically installed them via CLI on all basically installed them via CLI on all these devices on all the Grockbot agents these devices on all the Grockbot agents these devices on all the Grockbot agents and I said if you ever need it now you and I said if you ever need it now you and I said if you ever need it now you have access to it and it's incredibly have access to it and it's incredibly have access to it and it's incredibly helpful. Um and I didn't know how to do helpful. Um and I didn't know how to do helpful. Um and I didn't know how to do it but I just told the agent you it but I just told the agent you it but I just told the agent you &gt;&gt; I'm doing something &gt;&gt; I'm doing something &gt;&gt; I'm doing something I'm doing something similar. I have I'm doing something similar. I have I'm doing something similar. I have installed the Gro terminal uh CLI uh installed the Gro terminal uh CLI uh installed the Gro terminal uh CLI uh because it has some specific connectors because it has some specific connectors because it has some specific connectors that Grockot doesn't have. And when I that Grockot doesn't have. And when I that Grockot doesn't have. And when I want to use that connector, let's say my

[8:40] want to use that connector, let's say my want to use that connector, let's say my the banking connection, I ask it to the banking connection, I ask it to the banking connection, I ask it to prompt the terminal because the prompt the terminal because the prompt the terminal because the connector is already there. Okay, I love connector is already there. Okay, I love connector is already there. Okay, I love that idea a lot. Okay, one of the things that idea a lot. Okay, one of the things that idea a lot. Okay, one of the things that people do with this is they that people do with this is they that people do with this is they basically take this video and they give basically take this video and they give basically take this video and they give it to their agents. Now, their agents it to their agents. Now, their agents it to their agents. Now, their agents will be able to to use it and we'll talk will be able to to use it and we'll talk will be able to to use it and we'll talk about how to do that. But first, I've about how to do that. But first, I've about how to do that. But first, I've got to tell you this interview is got to tell you this interview is got to tell you this interview is sponsored by Zapier. Here's a problem sponsored by Zapier. Here's a problem sponsored by Zapier. Here's a problem that I had and now that I got someone that I had and now that I got someone that I had and now that I got someone from Zapier on, we're going to talk from Zapier on, we're going to talk from Zapier on, we're going to talk about how Zapier solves it. I two weeks about how Zapier solves it. I two weeks about how Zapier solves it. I two weeks ago ran out of my subscription usage on ago ran out of my subscription usage on ago ran out of my subscription usage on my Grockbot and it said, "Do you want to my Grockbot and it said, "Do you want to my Grockbot and it said, "Do you want to stop?" And I go, "God, no." Actually,

[9:11] stop?" And I go, "God, no." Actually, stop?" And I go, "God, no." Actually, for a moment, I literally stopped and a for a moment, I literally stopped and a for a moment, I literally stopped and a few seconds later I said, "No, I I need few seconds later I said, "No, I I need few seconds later I said, "No, I I need this." So, I turned it back on and I this." So, I turned it back on and I this." So, I turned it back on and I said, "Okay, let's just pay per use." My said, "Okay, let's just pay per use." My said, "Okay, let's just pay per use." My $140 a month plan suddenly had overages $140 a month plan suddenly had overages $140 a month plan suddenly had overages of $265 for just two days of extra of $265 for just two days of extra of $265 for just two days of extra usage. I came back on Monday and did usage. I came back on Monday and did usage. I came back on Monday and did what everyone on Twitter told me to do, what everyone on Twitter told me to do, what everyone on Twitter told me to do, which is say to the agent, "What which is say to the agent, "What which is say to the agent, "What happened? What burned up all these happened? What burned up all these happened? What burned up all these tokens?" And the agent said, "Look at tokens?" And the agent said, "Look at tokens?" And the agent said, "Look at all these routines that you have me all these routines that you have me all these routines that you have me doing. That's what burns through doing. That's what burns through doing. That's what burns through tokens." And I realized, okay, I'm tokens." And I realized, okay, I'm tokens." And I realized, okay, I'm having it do things like what Brock having it do things like what Brock having it do things like what Brock showed earlier, which is like, "Every 3 showed earlier, which is like, "Every 3 showed earlier, which is like, "Every 3 hours, check granola or check this,

[9:41] hours, check granola or check this, hours, check granola or check this, check email, check calendar." And it's check email, check calendar." And it's check email, check calendar." And it's in a it's wrong to say every hour, go in a it's wrong to say every hour, go in a it's wrong to say every hour, go check my calendar because I need it check my calendar because I need it check my calendar because I need it immediately when it when something shows immediately when it when something shows immediately when it when something shows on the calendar to take action. And it on the calendar to take action. And it on the calendar to take action. And it also burns through tokens. And so, can also burns through tokens. And so, can also burns through tokens. And so, can you talk about how Zapier MCP solves you talk about how Zapier MCP solves you talk about how Zapier MCP solves that problem and web hook specifically? that problem and web hook specifically? that problem and web hook specifically? Yeah, the beauty is that you can take Yeah, the beauty is that you can take Yeah, the beauty is that you can take all those routines that use your usage all those routines that use your usage all those routines that use your usage and export them and build them again in and export them and build them again in and export them and build them again in Zapier. So they can run independently of Zapier. So they can run independently of Zapier. So they can run independently of your usage but at the same time when you

[10:11] your usage but at the same time when you your usage but at the same time when you want them inside your grockpot let's say want them inside your grockpot let's say want them inside your grockpot let's say you can always send data either through you can always send data either through you can always send data either through your uh the web hook the web hook your uh the web hook the web hook your uh the web hook the web hook routine that you can trigger anytime you routine that you can trigger anytime you routine that you can trigger anytime you want or you can actually connect the Zap want or you can actually connect the Zap want or you can actually connect the Zap year connector within Grockot and then year connector within Grockot and then year connector within Grockot and then it get access to all the 9,000 apps that it get access to all the 9,000 apps that it get access to all the 9,000 apps that we already have. we already have. we already have. &gt;&gt; Use a connector. I just use the MCP like &gt;&gt; Use a connector. I just use the MCP like &gt;&gt; Use a connector. I just use the MCP like that. Okay, I like that even better. that. Okay, I like that even better. that. Okay, I like that even better. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And of course there are many &gt;&gt; Exactly. And of course there are many &gt;&gt; Exactly. And of course there are many popular connectors already on Grockpot popular connectors already on Grockpot popular connectors already on Grockpot but what about all the other smaller

[10:41] but what about all the other smaller but what about all the other smaller apps that are not so popular within uh apps that are not so popular within uh apps that are not so popular within uh so not so popular and Grockpot doesn't so not so popular and Grockpot doesn't so not so popular and Grockpot doesn't have a connector for them and that have a connector for them and that have a connector for them and that unlocks everything and also a great use unlocks everything and also a great use unlocks everything and also a great use case that I catch myself many times uh case that I catch myself many times uh case that I catch myself many times uh in in that problem is that your let's in in that problem is that your let's in in that problem is that your let's say your work email is not uh Grockpot say your work email is not uh Grockpot say your work email is not uh Grockpot is not authorized to be used with your is not authorized to be used with your is not authorized to be used with your work email but Zapier might already be work email but Zapier might already be work email but Zapier might already be provisioned So you can connect Zapier to provisioned So you can connect Zapier to provisioned So you can connect Zapier to Grockpot and it gets like a proxy access Grockpot and it gets like a proxy access Grockpot and it gets like a proxy access to your work email, your Google Sheets,

[11:12] to your work email, your Google Sheets, to your work email, your Google Sheets, and all the apps that are already and all the apps that are already and all the apps that are already approved. approved. approved. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. We got a link below. Go &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. We got a link below. Go &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. We got a link below. Go to it. Let's go to the next use case. to it. Let's go to the next use case. to it. Let's go to the next use case. This one is I also have a better way for This one is I also have a better way for This one is I also have a better way for her to do this. But I really like how her to do this. But I really like how her to do this. But I really like how Clarvo is using it to to help her cut Clarvo is using it to to help her cut Clarvo is using it to to help her cut subscriptions. Look at this. subscriptions. Look at this. subscriptions. Look at this. &gt;&gt; Penny Pincher does exactly what &gt;&gt; Penny Pincher does exactly what &gt;&gt; Penny Pincher does exactly what &gt;&gt; Penny Pincher is her agent that looks to &gt;&gt; Penny Pincher is her agent that looks to &gt;&gt; Penny Pincher is her agent that looks to save money. think she does, which is she save money. think she does, which is she save money. think she does, which is she goes into my email and finds pennies to goes into my email and finds pennies to goes into my email and finds pennies to pinch. She finds things to cancel. And pinch. She finds things to cancel. And pinch. She finds things to cancel. And so I just say go through my receipts, so I just say go through my receipts, so I just say go through my receipts, find subscriptions I should cancel,

[11:43] find subscriptions I should cancel, find subscriptions I should cancel, things I'm paying for that I shouldn't things I'm paying for that I shouldn't things I'm paying for that I shouldn't do. You And what was really interesting do. You And what was really interesting do. You And what was really interesting about using Penny Pincher, the Grockbot, about using Penny Pincher, the Grockbot, about using Penny Pincher, the Grockbot, is that it did find things that I should is that it did find things that I should is that it did find things that I should cancel, like a Apple game that I was cancel, like a Apple game that I was cancel, like a Apple game that I was paying for since my kids were really paying for since my kids were really paying for since my kids were really little, and now they're big, they don't little, and now they're big, they don't little, and now they're big, they don't need it anymore. But it's also found need it anymore. But it's also found need it anymore. But it's also found things that I can negotiate that will things that I can negotiate that will things that I can negotiate that will renew in the future. So, a good example renew in the future. So, a good example renew in the future. So, a good example it found was our home insurance is going it found was our home insurance is going it found was our home insurance is going to renew in a couple months. Um, I want to renew in a couple months. Um, I want to renew in a couple months. Um, I want you to I'm going to negotiate, find you to I'm going to negotiate, find you to I'm going to negotiate, find other rates, and go back to our agent

[12:13] other rates, and go back to our agent other rates, and go back to our agent with market rates against the policy with market rates against the policy with market rates against the policy that we have so we can have a negotiated that we have so we can have a negotiated that we have so we can have a negotiated rate. rate. rate. &gt;&gt; I like that. &gt;&gt; I like that. &gt;&gt; I like that. &gt;&gt; It also says that a trial for Apple &gt;&gt; It also says that a trial for Apple &gt;&gt; It also says that a trial for Apple Creator Studio is ending in November. Creator Studio is ending in November. Creator Studio is ending in November. It's going to remind me ahead of that It's going to remind me ahead of that It's going to remind me ahead of that renewal and I can decide whether or not renewal and I can decide whether or not renewal and I can decide whether or not I want to renew it or not. And then it I want to renew it or not. And then it I want to renew it or not. And then it noticed I wasn't using Audible and it noticed I wasn't using Audible and it noticed I wasn't using Audible and it said, you know, you've been paying for said, you know, you've been paying for said, you know, you've been paying for Audible, but you haven't been actually Audible, but you haven't been actually Audible, but you haven't been actually redeeming your Audible credits for a redeeming your Audible credits for a redeeming your Audible credits for a couple months. And so again, I paused couple months. And so again, I paused couple months. And so again, I paused that for 90 days because I have that for 90 days because I have that for 90 days because I have aspirations to listen to Audible. I'm

[12:44] aspirations to listen to Audible. I'm aspirations to listen to Audible. I'm not going to listen to Audible. Um, but not going to listen to Audible. Um, but not going to listen to Audible. Um, but it's going to remind me in November when it's going to remind me in November when it's going to remind me in November when that pause is ending and help me decide that pause is ending and help me decide that pause is ending and help me decide whether or not I want to do it. whether or not I want to do it. whether or not I want to do it. &gt;&gt; Okay. I had a suggestion for her to &gt;&gt; Okay. I had a suggestion for her to &gt;&gt; Okay. I had a suggestion for her to improve, but now I I think there's a improve, but now I I think there's a improve, but now I I think there's a merging between our two approaches. The merging between our two approaches. The merging between our two approaches. The thing that just came out recently is the thing that just came out recently is the thing that just came out recently is the Plaid connection to your financial Plaid connection to your financial Plaid connection to your financial institutions. And I really like a direct institutions. And I really like a direct institutions. And I really like a direct connection to financial institutions connection to financial institutions connection to financial institutions instead of the way that a lot of these instead of the way that a lot of these instead of the way that a lot of these creators are doing it, which is going creators are doing it, which is going creators are doing it, which is going into their email to look for receipts into their email to look for receipts into their email to look for receipts because you're going to have more because you're going to have more because you're going to have more billing come through those financial billing come through those financial billing come through those financial institutions than receipts that match

[13:15] institutions than receipts that match institutions than receipts that match them. And I would prefer to have a them. And I would prefer to have a them. And I would prefer to have a direct access into there. And that's direct access into there. And that's direct access into there. And that's what I thought she should do instead. I what I thought she should do instead. I what I thought she should do instead. I do have that and you could limit it. You do have that and you could limit it. You do have that and you could limit it. You can say, "Look, you get to view what's can say, "Look, you get to view what's can say, "Look, you get to view what's there, but you don't get to do anything there, but you don't get to do anything there, but you don't get to do anything with it." But now that I'm hearing uh with it." But now that I'm hearing uh with it." But now that I'm hearing uh again her talk about Apple, I realize again her talk about Apple, I realize again her talk about Apple, I realize that there are certain receipts that that there are certain receipts that that there are certain receipts that come in more granularly via email, like come in more granularly via email, like come in more granularly via email, like the Apple receipt, which tells you not the Apple receipt, which tells you not the Apple receipt, which tells you not just that Apple charged you, but what it just that Apple charged you, but what it just that Apple charged you, but what it charges you for that I think it would be charges you for that I think it would be charges you for that I think it would be helpful to do this. So, I do have a an helpful to do this. So, I do have a an helpful to do this. So, I do have a an agent called finance, and what it does agent called finance, and what it does agent called finance, and what it does is it connects to my finances through my

[13:46] is it connects to my finances through my is it connects to my finances through my uh banks. Now, I'm going to have it uh banks. Now, I'm going to have it uh banks. Now, I'm going to have it actually do the same thing with email. actually do the same thing with email. actually do the same thing with email. So, there's my feedback on it. If you So, there's my feedback on it. If you So, there's my feedback on it. If you don't have anything, I think we we don't have anything, I think we we don't have anything, I think we we should just move on to the next. should just move on to the next. should just move on to the next. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do. I do the same. And you can &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do. I do the same. And you can &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do. I do the same. And you can have a hybrid version. You can have the have a hybrid version. You can have the have a hybrid version. You can have the banking and then you can also check your banking and then you can also check your banking and then you can also check your emails. I love this. I do it all day emails. I love this. I do it all day emails. I love this. I do it all day every day. every day. every day. &gt;&gt; Highly, highly, highly recommend. Next, &gt;&gt; Highly, highly, highly recommend. Next, &gt;&gt; Highly, highly, highly recommend. Next, delegate to a sub agent. delegate to a sub agent. delegate to a sub agent. &gt;&gt; And the last one is my favorite. You &gt;&gt; And the last one is my favorite. You &gt;&gt; And the last one is my favorite. You hand it a small project, ask it to spin hand it a small project, ask it to spin hand it a small project, ask it to spin up a sub agent and manage it and only up a sub agent and manage it and only up a sub agent and manage it and only report when it's done. So, this is the

[14:18] report when it's done. So, this is the report when it's done. So, this is the prompt I gave it. I want to build a prompt I gave it. I want to build a prompt I gave it. I want to build a landing page for X, spin up a builder landing page for X, spin up a builder landing page for X, spin up a builder bot, hand it the job, and manage it bot, hand it the job, and manage it bot, hand it the job, and manage it until it is done. Show me the result on until it is done. Show me the result on until it is done. Show me the result on a live URL. Only check in with me if you a live URL. Only check in with me if you a live URL. Only check in with me if you need a decision. And it's doing that. need a decision. And it's doing that. need a decision. And it's doing that. It's literally coding right now, It's literally coding right now, It's literally coding right now, spinning up an agent, and the builder is spinning up an agent, and the builder is spinning up an agent, and the builder is ready. Let's uh see what it gives us. ready. Let's uh see what it gives us. ready. Let's uh see what it gives us. It's crazy because it handed cursor. It It's crazy because it handed cursor. It It's crazy because it handed cursor. It opened the cursor tab and it handed opened the cursor tab and it handed opened the cursor tab and it handed cursor such a good prompt along with cursor such a good prompt along with cursor such a good prompt along with outcomes, the goal, and success outcomes, the goal, and success outcomes, the goal, and success criteria. when to know that it's done.

[14:49] criteria. when to know that it's done. criteria. when to know that it's done. That is a great goal prompt, but let's That is a great goal prompt, but let's That is a great goal prompt, but let's see how it does. Let's see how fast it see how it does. Let's see how fast it see how it does. Let's see how fast it can do this. Can I solve this Rubik's can do this. Can I solve this Rubik's can do this. Can I solve this Rubik's cube before it is done with the landing cube before it is done with the landing cube before it is done with the landing page? All right, that was 1 minute 7 page? All right, that was 1 minute 7 page? All right, that was 1 minute 7 seconds. And as I can see, it is still seconds. And as I can see, it is still seconds. And as I can see, it is still going on. We do have a preview already. going on. We do have a preview already. going on. We do have a preview already. Oh. Oh, there you go. All right, it's Oh. Oh, there you go. All right, it's Oh. Oh, there you go. All right, it's actually done. Wow. Happening now. X is actually done. Wow. Happening now. X is actually done. Wow. Happening now. X is the public conversation in real time.

[15:19] the public conversation in real time. the public conversation in real time. So, it's made a landing page about X. So, it's made a landing page about X. So, it's made a landing page about X. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I use this after watching him. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I use this after watching him. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I use this after watching him. I've got feedback on it. And then I've I've got feedback on it. And then I've I've got feedback on it. And then I've got a question for you because you're got a question for you because you're got a question for you because you're more technical than I am. Um, I've more technical than I am. Um, I've more technical than I am. Um, I've discovered that what I could do is if I discovered that what I could do is if I discovered that what I could do is if I have a long project, I tell my agent, have a long project, I tell my agent, have a long project, I tell my agent, hand it to a sub agent. That way, I have hand it to a sub agent. That way, I have hand it to a sub agent. That way, I have more direct conversation with the with more direct conversation with the with more direct conversation with the with the agent. Um, but what I've discovered the agent. Um, but what I've discovered the agent. Um, but what I've discovered also is that the agent will do it also is that the agent will do it also is that the agent will do it automatically. it will know, hey, Andrew automatically. it will know, hey, Andrew automatically. it will know, hey, Andrew just asked me to do this deep dive just asked me to do this deep dive just asked me to do this deep dive research. I'm going to hand it to research. I'm going to hand it to research. I'm going to hand it to another agent so I could be available to another agent so I could be available to another agent so I could be available to him. Um, so it's useful to ask, but you

[15:52] him. Um, so it's useful to ask, but you him. Um, so it's useful to ask, but you don't need to ask. The question I have don't need to ask. The question I have don't need to ask. The question I have is he had the the project go to cursor. is he had the the project go to cursor. is he had the the project go to cursor. Tell me about that. Do you know anything Tell me about that. Do you know anything Tell me about that. Do you know anything about that? about that? about that? &gt;&gt; Uh, I also do that sometimes, but mostly &gt;&gt; Uh, I also do that sometimes, but mostly &gt;&gt; Uh, I also do that sometimes, but mostly when I actually want to create a a when I actually want to create a a when I actually want to create a a website and an artifact like that. website and an artifact like that. website and an artifact like that. Otherwise, I try to keep it within Otherwise, I try to keep it within Otherwise, I try to keep it within channels inside Grockbot. And I would channels inside Grockbot. And I would channels inside Grockbot. And I would comment that this this is on the comment that this this is on the comment that this this is on the negative side of Grogbot that anytime negative side of Grogbot that anytime negative side of Grogbot that anytime they chat between them because sometimes they chat between them because sometimes they chat between them because sometimes you really lose control of how many sub

[16:25] you really lose control of how many sub you really lose control of how many sub agents are are running at the same time. agents are are running at the same time. agents are are running at the same time. &gt;&gt; I see. So, you're saying, look, this &gt;&gt; I see. So, you're saying, look, this &gt;&gt; I see. So, you're saying, look, this could actually get a little bit out of could actually get a little bit out of could actually get a little bit out of control. I'm going to keep an eye on it. control. I'm going to keep an eye on it. control. I'm going to keep an eye on it. &gt;&gt; And it's true. I don't like when I see &gt;&gt; And it's true. I don't like when I see &gt;&gt; And it's true. I don't like when I see that they have a lot of conversations that they have a lot of conversations that they have a lot of conversations and I Anyway, it's still it's still and I Anyway, it's still it's still and I Anyway, it's still it's still helpful and now I'm not so worried about helpful and now I'm not so worried about helpful and now I'm not so worried about giving it a beefy task when I know I'm giving it a beefy task when I know I'm giving it a beefy task when I know I'm going to need to keep asking it going to need to keep asking it going to need to keep asking it questions. I don't want to interrupt questions. I don't want to interrupt questions. I don't want to interrupt what it does. what it does. what it does. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And another quick comment here is &gt;&gt; Yeah. And another quick comment here is &gt;&gt; Yeah. And another quick comment here is that if you install uh cursor or any that if you install uh cursor or any that if you install uh cursor or any other let's say Grock built within the other let's say Grock built within the other let's say Grock built within the virtual machine, you also delegate some virtual machine, you also delegate some virtual machine, you also delegate some of the token usage in that subscription

[16:56] of the token usage in that subscription of the token usage in that subscription instead of your main uh which I like instead of your main uh which I like instead of your main uh which I like Grock bot. Grock bot. Grock bot. &gt;&gt; I I like to do that, right? I I want to &gt;&gt; I I like to do that, right? I I want to &gt;&gt; I I like to do that, right? I I want to pass it on to another tool. Okay, here's pass it on to another tool. Okay, here's pass it on to another tool. Okay, here's something that people don't use enough. something that people don't use enough. something that people don't use enough. Web hooks. Here's a great use case for Web hooks. Here's a great use case for Web hooks. Here's a great use case for it. I used to be intimidated by web it. I used to be intimidated by web it. I used to be intimidated by web hooks. They're just now something that I hooks. They're just now something that I hooks. They're just now something that I love here. Web hooks. Now, I know web love here. Web hooks. Now, I know web love here. Web hooks. Now, I know web hooks sounds like a technical word, but hooks sounds like a technical word, but hooks sounds like a technical word, but it's really not. Just think of it like it's really not. Just think of it like it's really not. Just think of it like someone ringing on your doorbell. someone ringing on your doorbell. someone ringing on your doorbell. Because in the routine section, you can Because in the routine section, you can Because in the routine section, you can see that they can be triggered based off see that they can be triggered based off see that they can be triggered based off a time, like a schedule, every hour, a time, like a schedule, every hour, a time, like a schedule, every hour, 5:00 PM, or it can be off of an event. 5:00 PM, or it can be off of an event. 5:00 PM, or it can be off of an event. So, these are event triggered routines

[17:26] So, these are event triggered routines So, these are event triggered routines like someone ringing your doorbell. That like someone ringing your doorbell. That like someone ringing your doorbell. That could be on a Slack message, on a team could be on a Slack message, on a team could be on a Slack message, on a team message, or a web hook. And these are message, or a web hook. And these are message, or a web hook. And these are all basically the same thing. This one all basically the same thing. This one all basically the same thing. This one is just like you can configure your own is just like you can configure your own is just like you can configure your own web hook call. So, let me show you an web hook call. So, let me show you an web hook call. So, let me show you an example. I've got this bot down here example. I've got this bot down here example. I've got this bot down here called web hook, and I created it just called web hook, and I created it just called web hook, and I created it just for this demonstration. If I go into for this demonstration. If I go into for this demonstration. If I go into this app that I created, what happens is this app that I created, what happens is this app that I created, what happens is I fill in this information. So, I will I fill in this information. So, I will I fill in this information. So, I will just put Nate. I will put just put Nate. I will put just put Nate. I will put Natek88gmail.com Natek88gmail.com Natek88gmail.com and I will put hello, I need a new dog. and I will put hello, I need a new dog. and I will put hello, I need a new dog. And when I send this request, what this And when I send this request, what this And when I send this request, what this does is it actually sends a web hook. So

[17:58] does is it actually sends a web hook. So does is it actually sends a web hook. So it basically just shot a payload to this it basically just shot a payload to this it basically just shot a payload to this web hook address. And you can see now web hook address. And you can see now web hook address. And you can see now this bot has woken up. It's going to this bot has woken up. It's going to this bot has woken up. It's going to take that payload. So basically the take that payload. So basically the take that payload. So basically the information I submitted in that form and information I submitted in that form and information I submitted in that form and it's going to take action for me. So you it's going to take action for me. So you it's going to take action for me. So you could have agents automatically wake up could have agents automatically wake up could have agents automatically wake up when you get a new email or a new Slack when you get a new email or a new Slack when you get a new email or a new Slack message or a form submission or so many message or a form submission or so many message or a form submission or so many other possibilities, a new CRM record other possibilities, a new CRM record other possibilities, a new CRM record even. So what happened is it said, "Hey, even. So what happened is it said, "Hey, even. So what happened is it said, "Hey, a form just came in asking for a new a form just came in asking for a new a form just came in asking for a new dog. I emailed them that we got it and dog. I emailed them that we got it and dog. I emailed them that we got it and we're processing it and I DM'd you in we're processing it and I DM'd you in we're processing it and I DM'd you in ClickUp. So, if I go to ClickUp, you can ClickUp. So, if I go to ClickUp, you can ClickUp. So, if I go to ClickUp, you can see that I got a message from Upai. If I

[18:28] see that I got a message from Upai. If I see that I got a message from Upai. If I can make this a little bigger, you can can make this a little bigger, you can can make this a little bigger, you can see that form just came in. And in my see that form just came in. And in my see that form just came in. And in my email, you can see that we just got a email, you can see that we just got a email, you can see that we just got a message which says, "We got your form message which says, "We got your form message which says, "We got your form and you wrote, "Hello, I need a dog. and you wrote, "Hello, I need a dog. and you wrote, "Hello, I need a dog. We'll follow up soon." So, obviously, We'll follow up soon." So, obviously, We'll follow up soon." So, obviously, just a quick demonstration, but the just a quick demonstration, but the just a quick demonstration, but the point being you can have Grockbots take point being you can have Grockbots take point being you can have Grockbots take action when something happens. action when something happens. action when something happens. &gt;&gt; Andrew, I'd love for you to explain a &gt;&gt; Andrew, I'd love for you to explain a &gt;&gt; Andrew, I'd love for you to explain a little bit about what web hooks are little bit about what web hooks are little bit about what web hooks are because almost all the creators will use because almost all the creators will use because almost all the creators will use routines that are based on time, like we routines that are based on time, like we routines that are based on time, like we saw in that first Brock example. And I saw in that first Brock example. And I saw in that first Brock example. And I think those just burn through tokens and think those just burn through tokens and think those just burn through tokens and it means you're waiting. So if something it means you're waiting. So if something it means you're waiting. So if something happened like two hours before your next happened like two hours before your next happened like two hours before your next search, you're waiting two hours for the

[18:59] search, you're waiting two hours for the search, you're waiting two hours for the action to happen. And often you want the action to happen. And often you want the action to happen. And often you want the instantaneous action. That's where web instantaneous action. That's where web instantaneous action. That's where web hooks come in. But how do I explain what hooks come in. But how do I explain what hooks come in. But how do I explain what a web hook is? And any anyway, what else a web hook is? And any anyway, what else a web hook is? And any anyway, what else do you have to add to that? do you have to add to that? do you have to add to that? &gt;&gt; I love the example that he gave with a &gt;&gt; I love the example that he gave with a &gt;&gt; I love the example that he gave with a with a bell. Technically, it's a it's a with a bell. Technically, it's a it's a with a bell. Technically, it's a it's a URL. It's an address that you say to the URL. It's an address that you say to the URL. It's an address that you say to the other four aids and API when you want other four aids and API when you want other four aids and API when you want when you're ready just hit this URL and when you're ready just hit this URL and when you're ready just hit this URL and technically that URL responds to the technically that URL responds to the technically that URL responds to the Grockpot in here and it passes all the

[19:30] Grockpot in here and it passes all the Grockpot in here and it passes all the parameters that you sent in the in that parameters that you sent in the in that parameters that you sent in the in that URL. In this case it's the form details URL. In this case it's the form details URL. In this case it's the form details but it can be more complex and more rich but it can be more complex and more rich but it can be more complex and more rich and it's great because it doesn't have and it's great because it doesn't have and it's great because it doesn't have to pull for anything. It just waits and to pull for anything. It just waits and to pull for anything. It just waits and then it wakes up when it gets the then it wakes up when it gets the then it wakes up when it gets the message. I set up something similar, way message. I set up something similar, way message. I set up something similar, way more advanced and more geeky, but I more advanced and more geeky, but I more advanced and more geeky, but I wanted to make a a family chat within wanted to make a a family chat within wanted to make a a family chat within Telegram or iMessage with my wife, and Telegram or iMessage with my wife, and Telegram or iMessage with my wife, and there was no connector for that. So, there was no connector for that. So, there was no connector for that. So, anytime a new message was sent, anytime a new message was sent, anytime a new message was sent, technically, Telegram was pinging this

[20:01] technically, Telegram was pinging this technically, Telegram was pinging this crockpot with a web hook, and the bot crockpot with a web hook, and the bot crockpot with a web hook, and the bot was responding back to us. was responding back to us. was responding back to us. &gt;&gt; I didn't know you could do that. I could &gt;&gt; I didn't know you could do that. I could &gt;&gt; I didn't know you could do that. I could create a web hook for an iMessage that create a web hook for an iMessage that create a web hook for an iMessage that comes in. comes in. comes in. Yeah, but you need another a third party Yeah, but you need another a third party Yeah, but you need another a third party service to proxy that web hook. But for service to proxy that web hook. But for service to proxy that web hook. But for Telegram was much easier. You can Telegram was much easier. You can Telegram was much easier. You can technically ask your Grapot to set it technically ask your Grapot to set it technically ask your Grapot to set it up. up. up. &gt;&gt; I would love a web hook for &gt;&gt; I would love a web hook for &gt;&gt; I would love a web hook for &gt;&gt; but that shows that that shows the &gt;&gt; but that shows that that shows the &gt;&gt; but that shows that that shows the limitation is there's no limitation. You limitation is there's no limitation. You limitation is there's no limitation. You can use it what however you want. It's can use it what however you want. It's can use it what however you want. It's up to your creativity. up to your creativity. up to your creativity. &gt;&gt; The tool that I really need one of these

[20:31] &gt;&gt; The tool that I really need one of these &gt;&gt; The tool that I really need one of these web hooks for is WhatsApp. I hate going web hooks for is WhatsApp. I hate going web hooks for is WhatsApp. I hate going into WhatsApp, but a lot of the world into WhatsApp, but a lot of the world into WhatsApp, but a lot of the world uses it. And so I have an agent that uses it. And so I have an agent that uses it. And so I have an agent that just monitors my WhatsApp, responds to a just monitors my WhatsApp, responds to a just monitors my WhatsApp, responds to a lot of these messages, and now I've been lot of these messages, and now I've been lot of these messages, and now I've been learning to love WhatsApp for it. My one learning to love WhatsApp for it. My one learning to love WhatsApp for it. My one issue is it has to basically go check it issue is it has to basically go check it issue is it has to basically go check it on a on a scheduled time. Again, burn on a on a scheduled time. Again, burn on a on a scheduled time. Again, burn tokens, makes mistakes inevitably tokens, makes mistakes inevitably tokens, makes mistakes inevitably because it anticipates stuff and it's because it anticipates stuff and it's because it anticipates stuff and it's not immediate enough. And if somebody not immediate enough. And if somebody not immediate enough. And if somebody responds to me on something urgent, like responds to me on something urgent, like responds to me on something urgent, like I'm at your door with a package, I'm at your door with a package, I'm at your door with a package, &gt;&gt; I need that immediiacy. So maybe now &gt;&gt; I need that immediiacy. So maybe now &gt;&gt; I need that immediiacy. So maybe now that I said this publicly, somebody will that I said this publicly, somebody will that I said this publicly, somebody will have a uh an idea for me.

[21:01] have a uh an idea for me. have a uh an idea for me. &gt;&gt; All right. Next. That's why I also &gt;&gt; All right. Next. That's why I also &gt;&gt; All right. Next. That's why I also retired it. It's very slow when retired it. It's very slow when retired it. It's very slow when especially with messaging. especially with messaging. especially with messaging. &gt;&gt; But Grockbot can actually check your &gt;&gt; But Grockbot can actually check your &gt;&gt; But Grockbot can actually check your messages on WhatsApp versus Muse, which messages on WhatsApp versus Muse, which messages on WhatsApp versus Muse, which cannot check your messages on WhatsApp. cannot check your messages on WhatsApp. cannot check your messages on WhatsApp. And And And &gt;&gt; I do like that. You would have thought &gt;&gt; I do like that. You would have thought &gt;&gt; I do like that. You would have thought that Muse would do it. I have a feeling that Muse would do it. I have a feeling that Muse would do it. I have a feeling it will in the in the near future. Okay, it will in the in the near future. Okay, it will in the in the near future. Okay, let's talk about customer issue. let's talk about customer issue. let's talk about customer issue. Customer wants a refund. Here's how she Customer wants a refund. Here's how she Customer wants a refund. Here's how she set it up. And let's look at what it set it up. And let's look at what it set it up. And let's look at what it does. does. does. &gt;&gt; Holly help desk. Our help desk um &gt;&gt; Holly help desk. Our help desk um &gt;&gt; Holly help desk. Our help desk um customer support. customer support. customer support. &gt;&gt; By the way, I kind of like the way that &gt;&gt; By the way, I kind of like the way that &gt;&gt; By the way, I kind of like the way that she's naming it. Holly help desk. Penny she's naming it. Holly help desk. Penny she's naming it. Holly help desk. Penny Pincher. I tend to give them real people

[21:32] Pincher. I tend to give them real people Pincher. I tend to give them real people names because they start to interact names because they start to interact names because they start to interact with with the world. But the idea that with with the world. But the idea that with with the world. But the idea that there's like this two name thing is there's like this two name thing is there's like this two name thing is really good because then if I email really good because then if I email really good because then if I email somebody and CC one of my bots, I could somebody and CC one of my bots, I could somebody and CC one of my bots, I could use the first name, but internally I use the first name, but internally I use the first name, but internally I know what they are. Anyway, I kind of know what they are. Anyway, I kind of know what they are. Anyway, I kind of like seeing these little details of how like seeing these little details of how like seeing these little details of how people do it. All right, take it away. I people do it. All right, take it away. I people do it. All right, take it away. I also like to give some funny names like also like to give some funny names like also like to give some funny names like my uh banking bot called Ledger. Uh my my uh banking bot called Ledger. Uh my my uh banking bot called Ledger. Uh my tech bot is called Unix as you stuff

[22:02] tech bot is called Unix as you stuff tech bot is called Unix as you stuff like that. like that. like that. &gt;&gt; I I do it too. &gt;&gt; I I do it too. &gt;&gt; I I do it too. &gt;&gt; Over to Grockbot. Um this again used to &gt;&gt; Over to Grockbot. Um this again used to &gt;&gt; Over to Grockbot. Um this again used to be an open club which was pretty good. I be an open club which was pretty good. I be an open club which was pretty good. I spent a lot of time giving it tools and spent a lot of time giving it tools and spent a lot of time giving it tools and access and controls and all that sort of access and controls and all that sort of access and controls and all that sort of stuff. Um but now it runs through stuff. Um but now it runs through stuff. Um but now it runs through Grockbot. And why I say I've been so Grockbot. And why I say I've been so Grockbot. And why I say I've been so impressed is in the last week since impressed is in the last week since impressed is in the last week since running Holly Hop help desk I have running Holly Hop help desk I have running Holly Hop help desk I have gotten multiple people asking to leave gotten multiple people asking to leave gotten multiple people asking to leave reviews about our support being so good reviews about our support being so good reviews about our support being so good and I've not heard that before. and I've not heard that before. and I've not heard that before. &gt;&gt; I like that. Here's how she does it.

[22:33] &gt;&gt; I like that. Here's how she does it. &gt;&gt; I like that. Here's how she does it. &gt;&gt; So what she does is every hour she &gt;&gt; So what she does is every hour she &gt;&gt; So what she does is every hour she sweeps the intercom and email inbox. She sweeps the intercom and email inbox. She sweeps the intercom and email inbox. She uses our support playbook and tools and uses our support playbook and tools and uses our support playbook and tools and she manages um refunds, technical she manages um refunds, technical she manages um refunds, technical support fixes. She's empowered if there support fixes. She's empowered if there support fixes. She's empowered if there is a bug to fix it using cloud um purser is a bug to fix it using cloud um purser is a bug to fix it using cloud um purser cloud agents. She is empowered to cloud agents. She is empowered to cloud agents. She is empowered to request refunds from me. And I really request refunds from me. And I really request refunds from me. And I really love this um request tool use approval love this um request tool use approval love this um request tool use approval flow. You can see here every time a

[23:03] flow. You can see here every time a flow. You can see here every time a refund needs to be um processed, it refund needs to be um processed, it refund needs to be um processed, it gives me a button. It says, "Should I gives me a button. It says, "Should I gives me a button. It says, "Should I refund or not?" I'm going to go ahead refund or not?" I'm going to go ahead refund or not?" I'm going to go ahead and refund Reuben's $19. It should push and refund Reuben's $19. It should push and refund Reuben's $19. It should push to me a Stripe request. that Stripe to me a Stripe request. that Stripe to me a Stripe request. that Stripe requested, I can open in Stripe. It's requested, I can open in Stripe. It's requested, I can open in Stripe. It's called an agent action. It allows me to called an agent action. It allows me to called an agent action. It allows me to explicitly approve that action for the explicitly approve that action for the explicitly approve that action for the agent to do on my behalf in Stripe. And agent to do on my behalf in Stripe. And agent to do on my behalf in Stripe. And then this the refund is issued and Holly then this the refund is issued and Holly then this the refund is issued and Holly emails back. The other thing Holly does emails back. The other thing Holly does emails back. The other thing Holly does is on a weekly basis looks back seven is on a weekly basis looks back seven is on a weekly basis looks back seven days and sees if there are any items we

[23:35] days and sees if there are any items we days and sees if there are any items we need to add either to our support need to add either to our support need to add either to our support playbook or to our docs to make sure playbook or to our docs to make sure playbook or to our docs to make sure that most of our support issues can be that most of our support issues can be that most of our support issues can be self-service. absolutely love that she's self-service. absolutely love that she's self-service. absolutely love that she's doing that too. That first of all, she's doing that too. That first of all, she's doing that too. That first of all, she's giving refunds in in an easy way. The giving refunds in in an easy way. The giving refunds in in an easy way. The second thing is I really like how at the second thing is I really like how at the second thing is I really like how at the end of the week it goes in and says, end of the week it goes in and says, end of the week it goes in and says, "Here's how we can improve our doc so "Here's how we can improve our doc so "Here's how we can improve our doc so that we can answer these questions um that we can answer these questions um that we can answer these questions um faster." Let me see if I can actually faster." Let me see if I can actually faster." Let me see if I can actually let me see if there I brought up the let me see if there I brought up the let me see if there I brought up the play button. I want you to see something play button. I want you to see something play button. I want you to see something that is again something that's been that is again something that's been that is again something that's been coming up. You see how she also has a coming up. You see how she also has a coming up. You see how she also has a check 1 minute ago, then at 10:32, then

[24:06] check 1 minute ago, then at 10:32, then check 1 minute ago, then at 10:32, then today at 9:39, and at 8:33. Again, if today at 9:39, and at 8:33. Again, if today at 9:39, and at 8:33. Again, if somebody's waiting for a refund, this is somebody's waiting for a refund, this is somebody's waiting for a refund, this is a computer. It shouldn't they shouldn't a computer. It shouldn't they shouldn't a computer. It shouldn't they shouldn't have to wait another half hour for the have to wait another half hour for the have to wait another half hour for the computer to respond. If she was using computer to respond. If she was using computer to respond. If she was using web hooks, she would be able to give the web hooks, she would be able to give the web hooks, she would be able to give the customer immediate answer. Imagine you customer immediate answer. Imagine you customer immediate answer. Imagine you send a request for a refund and send a request for a refund and send a request for a refund and immediately comes back and it says, "I immediately comes back and it says, "I immediately comes back and it says, "I see your request. I understand it. see your request. I understand it. see your request. I understand it. Here's the solution. And I'm also Here's the solution. And I'm also Here's the solution. And I'm also checking in to see if we can give you a checking in to see if we can give you a checking in to see if we can give you a refund." That's where web hooks would be refund." That's where web hooks would be refund." That's where web hooks would be useful. Not to make this into a big web useful. Not to make this into a big web useful. Not to make this into a big web hooks thing, but that's what I'm taking hooks thing, but that's what I'm taking hooks thing, but that's what I'm taking away from it. And I also become I will away from it. And I also become I will away from it. And I also become I will become a little more grumpy in this case

[24:37] become a little more grumpy in this case become a little more grumpy in this case just because I I can imagine that this just because I I can imagine that this just because I I can imagine that this whole thing can become really messy if whole thing can become really messy if whole thing can become really messy if you have too many uh messages. Uh and you have too many uh messages. Uh and you have too many uh messages. Uh and that's I would say a problem with that's I would say a problem with that's I would say a problem with Crockpot that everything lives within a Crockpot that everything lives within a Crockpot that everything lives within a a chat one thread. And imagine if you a chat one thread. And imagine if you a chat one thread. And imagine if you have to approve one or three or five or have to approve one or three or five or have to approve one or three or five or 10 uh refunds in the same thread. You 10 uh refunds in the same thread. You 10 uh refunds in the same thread. You can lose track of them. So, I would love can lose track of them. So, I would love can lose track of them. So, I would love to have a way to have separate chats or to have a way to have separate chats or to have a way to have separate chats or threads that may also be disposable. threads that may also be disposable. threads that may also be disposable. &gt;&gt; You know, I've actually been struggling &gt;&gt; You know, I've actually been struggling &gt;&gt; You know, I've actually been struggling with this myself. I have a lot of things with this myself. I have a lot of things with this myself. I have a lot of things that I need one of these like multiple

[25:08] that I need one of these like multiple that I need one of these like multiple choice buttons like she has at the top choice buttons like she has at the top choice buttons like she has at the top of her screen. And what I do is I have a of her screen. And what I do is I have a of her screen. And what I do is I have a chat message and then the multiple chat message and then the multiple chat message and then the multiple choice, then another chat message and choice, then another chat message and choice, then another chat message and multiple choice. And it does get a multiple choice. And it does get a multiple choice. And it does get a little disconnected. I wish that um I little disconnected. I wish that um I little disconnected. I wish that um I wish that there was a better way. For wish that there was a better way. For wish that there was a better way. For now, I don't have anything that's out of now, I don't have anything that's out of now, I don't have anything that's out of control, so I live with it. But I see control, so I live with it. But I see control, so I live with it. But I see your I see your uh your point. Let's go your I see your uh your point. Let's go your I see your uh your point. Let's go on to the next on to the next on to the next &gt;&gt; which is selling on marketplace. &gt;&gt; which is selling on marketplace. &gt;&gt; which is selling on marketplace. Everyone talks about um using using Muse Everyone talks about um using using Muse Everyone talks about um using using Muse to sell on Facebook marketplace. These to sell on Facebook marketplace. These to sell on Facebook marketplace. These are two people paying and Lauren who are are two people paying and Lauren who are are two people paying and Lauren who are lead designers and engineer for Grockbot

[25:39] lead designers and engineer for Grockbot lead designers and engineer for Grockbot at SpaceX. Check out how they sell on at SpaceX. Check out how they sell on at SpaceX. Check out how they sell on marketplace. I have opinions on this marketplace. I have opinions on this marketplace. I have opinions on this too. too. too. &gt;&gt; Let's say I want to sell my DJI mic on &gt;&gt; Let's say I want to sell my DJI mic on &gt;&gt; Let's say I want to sell my DJI mic on Facebook marketplace. Um I just send it Facebook marketplace. Um I just send it Facebook marketplace. Um I just send it a photo and then tell it do a couple a photo and then tell it do a couple a photo and then tell it do a couple things. So like sell something, list things. So like sell something, list things. So like sell something, list something on Facebook marketplace sounds something on Facebook marketplace sounds something on Facebook marketplace sounds easy, but actually there are a lot of easy, but actually there are a lot of easy, but actually there are a lot of steps like you need to check the latest steps like you need to check the latest steps like you need to check the latest price for the model on the official price for the model on the official price for the model on the official website. I wanted to find out what's the website. I wanted to find out what's the website. I wanted to find out what's the lowest price offered in my area like who lowest price offered in my area like who lowest price offered in my area like who I'm competing with. I wanted to learn I'm competing with. I wanted to learn I'm competing with. I wanted to learn like how I write listing descriptions uh

[26:09] like how I write listing descriptions uh like how I write listing descriptions uh in the past and also post this new in the past and also post this new in the past and also post this new listing and then if nobody's interested listing and then if nobody's interested listing and then if nobody's interested in it, automatically lower the price by in it, automatically lower the price by in it, automatically lower the price by $5 every week. So you see like it's like $5 every week. So you see like it's like $5 every week. So you see like it's like a series of tasks that I dedicated in a series of tasks that I dedicated in a series of tasks that I dedicated in one single prompt and it will go execute one single prompt and it will go execute one single prompt and it will go execute the task and it's very interesting that the task and it's very interesting that the task and it's very interesting that it know like when it should write the it know like when it should write the it know like when it should write the description it consult my writer bot so description it consult my writer bot so description it consult my writer bot so it message the writer bot it ask like it message the writer bot it ask like it message the writer bot it ask like how I wrote uh marketplace listing

[26:41] how I wrote uh marketplace listing how I wrote uh marketplace listing description in the past and then it will description in the past and then it will description in the past and then it will able to do the research it'll be find able to do the research it'll be find able to do the research it'll be find out like how other people are selling it out like how other people are selling it out like how other people are selling it and then eventually pull up my list. So and then eventually pull up my list. So and then eventually pull up my list. So in the past we may do like all those in the past we may do like all those in the past we may do like all those five steps manually by ourselves but now five steps manually by ourselves but now five steps manually by ourselves but now not only you can delegate individual not only you can delegate individual not only you can delegate individual tasks to it but also like ask it to tasks to it but also like ask it to tasks to it but also like ask it to train the tasks for you. train the tasks for you. train the tasks for you. &gt;&gt; Okay so I've done a bunch of selling on &gt;&gt; Okay so I've done a bunch of selling on &gt;&gt; Okay so I've done a bunch of selling on Facebook marketplace like my driving Facebook marketplace like my driving Facebook marketplace like my driving lawn mower and the thing that I like lawn mower and the thing that I like lawn mower and the thing that I like about this that you still can't get from about this that you still can't get from about this that you still can't get from Muse which is Facebook's own tool is it Muse which is Facebook's own tool is it Muse which is Facebook's own tool is it can respond to people proactively

[27:13] can respond to people proactively can respond to people proactively without checking with you. Muse will without checking with you. Muse will without checking with you. Muse will keep coming back and saying, "Hey, keep coming back and saying, "Hey, keep coming back and saying, "Hey, Andrew, can I send this message? It's Andrew, can I send this message? It's Andrew, can I send this message? It's too late. I don't want to deal with too late. I don't want to deal with too late. I don't want to deal with these people. I just know, here's the these people. I just know, here's the these people. I just know, here's the price I'm willing to sell. Here's where price I'm willing to sell. Here's where price I'm willing to sell. Here's where it is." Have an agent go back and forth it is." Have an agent go back and forth it is." Have an agent go back and forth with them. And that is what this can do with them. And that is what this can do with them. And that is what this can do really well. It does it in the browser. really well. It does it in the browser. really well. It does it in the browser. It's dependable. It's effective. You It's dependable. It's effective. You It's dependable. It's effective. You could even say something like, "Look, if could even say something like, "Look, if could even say something like, "Look, if by two days it doesn't sell, I want you by two days it doesn't sell, I want you by two days it doesn't sell, I want you to lower the price and go back to to lower the price and go back to to lower the price and go back to everyone who's made a suggestion before everyone who's made a suggestion before everyone who's made a suggestion before and tell them about the lower price or and tell them about the lower price or and tell them about the lower price or whatever it is." Uh, really helpful in whatever it is." Uh, really helpful in whatever it is." Uh, really helpful in Facebook Marketplace. Facebook Marketplace. Facebook Marketplace. &gt;&gt; I agree.

[27:43] &gt;&gt; I agree. &gt;&gt; I agree. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, since he has these two people &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, since he has these two people &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, since he has these two people on, and by the way, why won't any of the on, and by the way, why won't any of the on, and by the way, why won't any of the SpaceX people talk to me publicly? I SpaceX people talk to me publicly? I SpaceX people talk to me publicly? I would love it. I don't know how Peter would love it. I don't know how Peter would love it. I don't know how Peter Yang gets these two people and so many Yang gets these two people and so many Yang gets these two people and so many people. I gota people. I gota people. I gota &gt;&gt; Yeah. And also like a quick tip here &gt;&gt; Yeah. And also like a quick tip here &gt;&gt; Yeah. And also like a quick tip here that we can steal is how uh they prompt that we can steal is how uh they prompt that we can steal is how uh they prompt uh Grockpot here. One, two, three, four, uh Grockpot here. One, two, three, four, uh Grockpot here. One, two, three, four, five with steps what to follow. five with steps what to follow. five with steps what to follow. &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. Right. Instead of &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. Right. Instead of &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. Right. Instead of here's what I'm trying to do. This is here's what I'm trying to do. This is here's what I'm trying to do. This is the end result. I want you to take these the end result. I want you to take these the end result. I want you to take these steps. Okay. I also like how they were steps. Okay. I also like how they were steps. Okay. I also like how they were using it for email and calendar. using it for email and calendar. using it for email and calendar. my bot is replacing my email. So like I

[28:15] my bot is replacing my email. So like I my bot is replacing my email. So like I would do things like hey what are the would do things like hey what are the would do things like hey what are the action items in my inbox today. Uh my action items in my inbox today. Uh my action items in my inbox today. Uh my email is still out of manage and like email is still out of manage and like email is still out of manage and like for things I I identified I can do it for things I I identified I can do it for things I I identified I can do it for me. For example, I need to pay my for me. For example, I need to pay my for me. For example, I need to pay my friend money for dinner. Uh I'll just friend money for dinner. Uh I'll just friend money for dinner. Uh I'll just ask it to do so. And if it doesn't have ask it to do so. And if it doesn't have ask it to do so. And if it doesn't have access um it will prompt this access um it will prompt this access um it will prompt this &gt;&gt; signin page for me and I can take over &gt;&gt; signin page for me and I can take over &gt;&gt; signin page for me and I can take over and sign in on its computer and it will and sign in on its computer and it will and sign in on its computer and it will do it for me. uh it's replacing my do it for me. uh it's replacing my do it for me. uh it's replacing my calendar. So if I'm having a coffee chat calendar. So if I'm having a coffee chat calendar. So if I'm having a coffee chat with somebody now like basically any

[28:45] with somebody now like basically any with somebody now like basically any edits, any event creation, find booking edits, any event creation, find booking edits, any event creation, find booking like book conference rooms, anything I like book conference rooms, anything I like book conference rooms, anything I just put a screenshot and then let it do just put a screenshot and then let it do just put a screenshot and then let it do it. Let it like add the events to the it. Let it like add the events to the it. Let it like add the events to the calendar, modify it, um stuff like that. calendar, modify it, um stuff like that. calendar, modify it, um stuff like that. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm going to disagree with one &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm going to disagree with one &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm going to disagree with one thing. It is not replacing his calendar. thing. It is not replacing his calendar. thing. It is not replacing his calendar. You still need that visual of the You still need that visual of the You still need that visual of the calendar. Let's stop pretending that calendar. Let's stop pretending that calendar. Let's stop pretending that everything needs to happen via chat. But everything needs to happen via chat. But everything needs to happen via chat. But for asking questions, for getting for asking questions, for getting for asking questions, for getting information, it is fan freakingtastic. information, it is fan freakingtastic. information, it is fan freakingtastic. Um, there was one video that I ended up Um, there was one video that I ended up Um, there was one video that I ended up there tons of videos that I ended up there tons of videos that I ended up there tons of videos that I ended up removing from this, but one that I

[29:16] removing from this, but one that I removing from this, but one that I really liked and was painful was there really liked and was painful was there really liked and was painful was there was a creator who said, "Look, I'm going was a creator who said, "Look, I'm going was a creator who said, "Look, I'm going to respond to my email now using voice." to respond to my email now using voice." to respond to my email now using voice." And it's not here in this video, but And it's not here in this video, but And it's not here in this video, but since this video was done, voice since this video was done, voice since this video was done, voice conversations are now what we're calling conversations are now what we're calling conversations are now what we're calling phone calls, I guess, with your agents phone calls, I guess, with your agents phone calls, I guess, with your agents have been added into Grockbot. You can have been added into Grockbot. You can have been added into Grockbot. You can now have a conversation with your agent, now have a conversation with your agent, now have a conversation with your agent, pick its voice, and you can say, "Tell pick its voice, and you can say, "Tell pick its voice, and you can say, "Tell me what my messages are. Tell me what's me what my messages are. Tell me what's me what my messages are. Tell me what's going on." And respond and tell it what going on." And respond and tell it what going on." And respond and tell it what to do. And it's really, really helpful to do. And it's really, really helpful to do. And it's really, really helpful to do that. to do that. to do that. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. Yeah, that's really useful. And also uh Yeah, that's really useful. And also uh Yeah, that's really useful. And also uh about the email, I have a bot that is

[29:47] about the email, I have a bot that is about the email, I have a bot that is called Mailman. And every day it because called Mailman. And every day it because called Mailman. And every day it because I love inbox zero, it reads through my I love inbox zero, it reads through my I love inbox zero, it reads through my emails and I ask it to mark as red emails and I ask it to mark as red emails and I ask it to mark as red emails that look uh newsletters or maybe emails that look uh newsletters or maybe emails that look uh newsletters or maybe spam stuff like that and then come back spam stuff like that and then come back spam stuff like that and then come back with unsubscribe opportunities and then with unsubscribe opportunities and then with unsubscribe opportunities and then it it tells me I have this. Do you want it it tells me I have this. Do you want it it tells me I have this. Do you want to unsubscribe? I say thumbs up to that to unsubscribe? I say thumbs up to that to unsubscribe? I say thumbs up to that or the other and sometimes it even spin or the other and sometimes it even spin or the other and sometimes it even spin ups the browser and tries to click the ups the browser and tries to click the ups the browser and tries to click the unsubscribe link for us. unsubscribe link for us. unsubscribe link for us. &gt;&gt; So helpful. So helpful. Um, all right.

[30:18] &gt;&gt; So helpful. So helpful. Um, all right. &gt;&gt; So helpful. So helpful. Um, all right. Let's go on to the next one, which is, Let's go on to the next one, which is, Let's go on to the next one, which is, um, actually speaking of email, here's a um, actually speaking of email, here's a um, actually speaking of email, here's a prompt. I was thinking maybe we leave it prompt. I was thinking maybe we leave it prompt. I was thinking maybe we leave it out, maybe we keep it in. I have a out, maybe we keep it in. I have a out, maybe we keep it in. I have a problem with this, but let's talk about problem with this, but let's talk about problem with this, but let's talk about this. Here's his prompt for getting this. Here's his prompt for getting this. Here's his prompt for getting through his email. through his email. through his email. &gt;&gt; Thing you can set up is an email triage &gt;&gt; Thing you can set up is an email triage &gt;&gt; Thing you can set up is an email triage or an inbox triage. I'm going to send it or an inbox triage. I'm going to send it or an inbox triage. I'm going to send it to Ledger, which happens to be our email to Ledger, which happens to be our email to Ledger, which happens to be our email bot, and I'm going to send him bot, and I'm going to send him bot, and I'm going to send him &gt;&gt; He uses the same name as yours, Ledger. &gt;&gt; He uses the same name as yours, Ledger. &gt;&gt; He uses the same name as yours, Ledger. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] By the way, if you all like this By the way, if you all like this By the way, if you all like this approach to understanding new tech, approach to understanding new tech,

[30:48] approach to understanding new tech, especially AI tech, you should subscribe especially AI tech, you should subscribe especially AI tech, you should subscribe because we do this whenever a big thing because we do this whenever a big thing because we do this whenever a big thing comes out. I want to study what everyone comes out. I want to study what everyone comes out. I want to study what everyone else is doing. Show you the best. Then else is doing. Show you the best. Then else is doing. Show you the best. Then bring someone like Andrew who has deep bring someone like Andrew who has deep bring someone like Andrew who has deep experience to come and give us opinions experience to come and give us opinions experience to come and give us opinions on it along with me so you know how to on it along with me so you know how to on it along with me so you know how to use it better than even the creators use it better than even the creators use it better than even the creators themselves use it. The best with the themselves use it. The best with the themselves use it. The best with the best feedback. Let's look at it. This best feedback. Let's look at it. This best feedback. Let's look at it. This read my inbox first. Batch every email read my inbox first. Batch every email read my inbox first. Batch every email that is safe to archive without me that is safe to archive without me that is safe to archive without me reading it. and show me one list with an reading it. and show me one list with an reading it. and show me one list with an archive button. Then summarize the ones archive button. Then summarize the ones archive button. Then summarize the ones I need to know but do not need to reply I need to know but do not need to reply I need to know but do not need to reply to. Then for anything that needs a

[31:18] to. Then for anything that needs a to. Then for anything that needs a reply, reply the full thread and draft a reply, reply the full thread and draft a reply, reply the full thread and draft a reply in my voice. Ready to send. Learn reply in my voice. Ready to send. Learn reply in my voice. Ready to send. Learn my preferences over time. Never send my preferences over time. Never send my preferences over time. Never send without my approval. I just realized I without my approval. I just realized I without my approval. I just realized I didn't specify I wanted it from the last didn't specify I wanted it from the last didn't specify I wanted it from the last 24 hours. So I said only the last 24 24 hours. So I said only the last 24 24 hours. So I said only the last 24 hours, please cuz it's been like 5 hours, please cuz it's been like 5 hours, please cuz it's been like 5 minutes and I'm like what the hell? Uh, minutes and I'm like what the hell? Uh, minutes and I'm like what the hell? Uh, and this is very interesting because and this is very interesting because and this is very interesting because just by telling it this, not by telling just by telling it this, not by telling just by telling it this, not by telling it that I want anything else fixed, it it that I want anything else fixed, it it that I want anything else fixed, it figured that it should fix its other figured that it should fix its other figured that it should fix its other scheduled jobs to run the emails in the scheduled jobs to run the emails in the scheduled jobs to run the emails in the last 24 hours unless I say otherwise.

[31:49] last 24 hours unless I say otherwise. last 24 hours unless I say otherwise. That is fascinating. And just like that, That is fascinating. And just like that, That is fascinating. And just like that, it came out with everything that I just it came out with everything that I just it came out with everything that I just asked for. The fourth thing is a asked for. The fourth thing is a asked for. The fourth thing is a research research research &gt;&gt; on this because he didn't show it and &gt;&gt; on this because he didn't show it and &gt;&gt; on this because he didn't show it and then I said, "Okay, I'm going to use it then I said, "Okay, I'm going to use it then I said, "Okay, I'm going to use it and I'm going to show it." And I and I'm going to show it." And I and I'm going to show it." And I realized why he didn't show it. It realized why he didn't show it. It realized why he didn't show it. It really does get you such personal stuff, really does get you such personal stuff, really does get you such personal stuff, but I do like it. And I I think what I but I do like it. And I I think what I but I do like it. And I I think what I what I did was I screenshotted the what I did was I screenshotted the what I did was I screenshotted the prompt and then I gave it to my agent prompt and then I gave it to my agent prompt and then I gave it to my agent and I said, "Do this for me." And I and I said, "Do this for me." And I and I said, "Do this for me." And I forgot that he had done it for 24 hours. forgot that he had done it for 24 hours. forgot that he had done it for 24 hours. So, I got it for everything. It is very So, I got it for everything. It is very So, I got it for everything. It is very helpful. It goes, "Here's 63 emails that helpful. It goes, "Here's 63 emails that helpful. It goes, "Here's 63 emails that are safe to archive." So, I got promos

[32:19] are safe to archive." So, I got promos are safe to archive." So, I got promos like from Spotify, from uh from paper, like from Spotify, from uh from paper, like from Spotify, from uh from paper, which I used for one of my past things which I used for one of my past things which I used for one of my past things for something called IHG points. So for something called IHG points. So for something called IHG points. So easy. And then it gives me like a radio easy. And then it gives me like a radio easy. And then it gives me like a radio button or or button that says, "Do you button or or button that says, "Do you button or or button that says, "Do you want me to autoarchchive those?" Then it want me to autoarchchive those?" Then it want me to autoarchchive those?" Then it says automated notices like acceptance says automated notices like acceptance says automated notices like acceptance notices from Micah, my guitar teacher notices from Micah, my guitar teacher notices from Micah, my guitar teacher who accepted a meeting with me from who accepted a meeting with me from who accepted a meeting with me from Chili Piper for whatever reason. I could Chili Piper for whatever reason. I could Chili Piper for whatever reason. I could I could archive those. It gave me cold I could archive those. It gave me cold I could archive those. It gave me cold pitches that it really identified well. pitches that it really identified well. pitches that it really identified well. 17 of those came in and then your team

[32:49] 17 of those came in and then your team 17 of those came in and then your team already replied to 17 messages. So you already replied to 17 messages. So you already replied to 17 messages. So you probably want to archive those. Very probably want to archive those. Very probably want to archive those. Very very very surprisingly helpful. And then very very surprisingly helpful. And then very very surprisingly helpful. And then there was a bunch where there was no there was a bunch where there was no there was a bunch where there was no reply needed. So, it can just tell me reply needed. So, it can just tell me reply needed. So, it can just tell me over here. Like, uh, Shaack Patel sent over here. Like, uh, Shaack Patel sent over here. Like, uh, Shaack Patel sent you $15,000 to Andrew Warner Texas LLC you $15,000 to Andrew Warner Texas LLC you $15,000 to Andrew Warner Texas LLC on September 30th. Uh, Lauren pulled on September 30th. Uh, Lauren pulled on September 30th. Uh, Lauren pulled money out of the company. T-Mobile says money out of the company. T-Mobile says money out of the company. T-Mobile says the payment is late. Wait, I thought I the payment is late. Wait, I thought I the payment is late. Wait, I thought I canceled T-Mobile. I know I did. I gave canceled T-Mobile. I know I did. I gave canceled T-Mobile. I know I did. I gave them back their device. Anyway, really them back their device. Anyway, really them back their device. Anyway, really helpful for me to see all these things. helpful for me to see all these things. helpful for me to see all these things. I like that prompt. I was going to pass I like that prompt. I was going to pass I like that prompt. I was going to pass up on this, but when I see a good up on this, but when I see a good up on this, but when I see a good prompt, even if I can't show the result,

[33:19] prompt, even if I can't show the result, prompt, even if I can't show the result, I think it's worthwhile. Any thoughts I think it's worthwhile. Any thoughts I think it's worthwhile. Any thoughts before we go to the next? before we go to the next? before we go to the next? &gt;&gt; Y, &gt;&gt; Y, &gt;&gt; Y, &gt;&gt; no. Big fan of it as well. &gt;&gt; no. Big fan of it as well. &gt;&gt; no. Big fan of it as well. &gt;&gt; Very, very well done. Okay. I would &gt;&gt; Very, very well done. Okay. I would &gt;&gt; Very, very well done. Okay. I would probably adjust and maneuver it, but I'm probably adjust and maneuver it, but I'm probably adjust and maneuver it, but I'm going to start to integrate this into my going to start to integrate this into my going to start to integrate this into my system. Okay, I like this a lot. Here is system. Okay, I like this a lot. Here is system. Okay, I like this a lot. Here is my buddy Eric Sue. Here's what he does. my buddy Eric Sue. Here's what he does. my buddy Eric Sue. Here's what he does. Okay, so yesterday I saw that uh you Okay, so yesterday I saw that uh you Okay, so yesterday I saw that uh you know, someone wrote a post on Amplitude know, someone wrote a post on Amplitude know, someone wrote a post on Amplitude and and and and and and &gt;&gt; specifically on X, formerly known as &gt;&gt; specifically on X, formerly known as &gt;&gt; specifically on X, formerly known as Twitter. He uses it a lot and there's a Twitter. He uses it a lot and there's a Twitter. He uses it a lot and there's a lot of insightful stuff on X and on lot of insightful stuff on X and on lot of insightful stuff on X and on YouTube and on on Reddit and other YouTube and on on Reddit and other YouTube and on on Reddit and other platforms. Whatever he's doing for this, platforms. Whatever he's doing for this, platforms. Whatever he's doing for this, you can do for all those platforms. dude

[33:51] you can do for all those platforms. dude you can do for all those platforms. dude has a lot of problem pages that they has a lot of problem pages that they has a lot of problem pages that they create ahead of a search term getting uh create ahead of a search term getting uh create ahead of a search term getting uh more traffic, right? So, they've done a more traffic, right? So, they've done a more traffic, right? So, they've done a really good job with that. I'm like, really good job with that. I'm like, really good job with that. I'm like, "Okay, well, hey, how can we use this? "Okay, well, hey, how can we use this? "Okay, well, hey, how can we use this? Are we going to make a net new bot? Are we going to make a net new bot? Are we going to make a net new bot? Like, what should we do exactly?" This Like, what should we do exactly?" This Like, what should we do exactly?" This is all I do, right? If I see something is all I do, right? If I see something is all I do, right? If I see something nice on X, I see someone share a cool nice on X, I see someone share a cool nice on X, I see someone share a cool post or I should see seen them share a post or I should see seen them share a post or I should see seen them share a cool bot, I just say, "Hey, is this an cool bot, I just say, "Hey, is this an cool bot, I just say, "Hey, is this an update for us or is this a net new bot?" update for us or is this a net new bot?" update for us or is this a net new bot?" And I just shared that post. Okay, And I just shared that post. Okay, And I just shared that post. Okay, pulling that post now. X. Okay, this is pulling that post now. X. Okay, this is pulling that post now. X. Okay, this is upgrade, not a new bot. Okay, see you upgrade, not a new bot. Okay, see you upgrade, not a new bot. Okay, see you see how short I am here. I'm just like, see how short I am here. I'm just like, see how short I am here. I'm just like, "Hey, just just do this, right? just "Hey, just just do this, right? just "Hey, just just do this, right? just just do this and tell me what you do just do this and tell me what you do just do this and tell me what you do next. Right? Okay, let's test the

[34:22] next. Right? Okay, let's test the next. Right? Okay, let's test the upgrade. And then it's like, okay, to upgrade. And then it's like, okay, to upgrade. And then it's like, okay, to convert is this going to to create uh convert is this going to to create uh convert is this going to to create uh more problem pages for us or give me a more problem pages for us or give me a more problem pages for us or give me a list of 10 and it's like, okay, here's list of 10 and it's like, okay, here's list of 10 and it's like, okay, here's here's the top 10 over here. And then here's the top 10 over here. And then here's the top 10 over here. And then I'm like, hey, how can you verify that I'm like, hey, how can you verify that I'm like, hey, how can you verify that these are trending upwards? So, this is these are trending upwards? So, this is these are trending upwards? So, this is how I go about building the bot and this how I go about building the bot and this how I go about building the bot and this is how I pull from different resources. is how I pull from different resources. is how I pull from different resources. Andrew, I get a lot of private messages Andrew, I get a lot of private messages Andrew, I get a lot of private messages from people and sometimes even comments from people and sometimes even comments from people and sometimes even comments on my YouTube videos from people who are on my YouTube videos from people who are on my YouTube videos from people who are a little sheepish when they tell me that a little sheepish when they tell me that a little sheepish when they tell me that they hand a link to this YouTube video they hand a link to this YouTube video they hand a link to this YouTube video or to my YouTube videos and they tell or to my YouTube videos and they tell or to my YouTube videos and they tell their agent, "How can we use this?" And their agent, "How can we use this?" And their agent, "How can we use this?" And I think they should not be sheepish I think they should not be sheepish I think they should not be sheepish about it. This is exciting and it's

[34:53] about it. This is exciting and it's about it. This is exciting and it's effective and I I want to make sure to effective and I I want to make sure to effective and I I want to make sure to highlight that. highlight that. highlight that. &gt;&gt; And I personally have a another pot that &gt;&gt; And I personally have a another pot that &gt;&gt; And I personally have a another pot that is very similar and I call it Stashy is very similar and I call it Stashy is very similar and I call it Stashy from Stas. I want to stash stuff. So from Stas. I want to stash stuff. So from Stas. I want to stash stuff. So every time I find a useful post like every time I find a useful post like every time I find a useful post like that, I just share it with that bot, it that, I just share it with that bot, it that, I just share it with that bot, it saves it. It stashes it and then every saves it. It stashes it and then every saves it. It stashes it and then every time anytime I want to recall it or if time anytime I want to recall it or if time anytime I want to recall it or if it's related, let's say to this one, I it's related, let's say to this one, I it's related, let's say to this one, I say, can we I say, can we use that for say, can we I say, can we use that for say, can we I say, can we use that for this job now? Is it relevant? Or what

[35:23] this job now? Is it relevant? Or what this job now? Is it relevant? Or what was that thing that we talked about? And was that thing that we talked about? And was that thing that we talked about? And it's very useful it's very useful it's very useful &gt;&gt; and it can be used with many ways, not &gt;&gt; and it can be used with many ways, not &gt;&gt; and it can be used with many ways, not just this way that he just showed us. just this way that he just showed us. just this way that he just showed us. &gt;&gt; All right, final one. Boy, and there's &gt;&gt; All right, final one. Boy, and there's &gt;&gt; All right, final one. Boy, and there's so many that I would have wanted to show so many that I would have wanted to show so many that I would have wanted to show you, but this one is recurring you, but this one is recurring you, but this one is recurring appointments that you get to book on appointments that you get to book on appointments that you get to book on sites that are pains in the neck. sites that are pains in the neck. sites that are pains in the neck. &gt;&gt; This next spot I call Booker. He's in &gt;&gt; This next spot I call Booker. He's in &gt;&gt; This next spot I call Booker. He's in charge of making appointments for me charge of making appointments for me charge of making appointments for me that need to happen on a regular that need to happen on a regular that need to happen on a regular schedule. For instance, I need to get my schedule. For instance, I need to get my schedule. For instance, I need to get my haircut about every 3 weeks, otherwise haircut about every 3 weeks, otherwise haircut about every 3 weeks, otherwise it gets way too crazy. So, Booker makes

[35:54] it gets way too crazy. So, Booker makes it gets way too crazy. So, Booker makes the appointments for me and adds them to the appointments for me and adds them to the appointments for me and adds them to my calendar before I even think about my calendar before I even think about my calendar before I even think about it. And all this happens because he's it. And all this happens because he's it. And all this happens because he's able to check my calendar and he has able to check my calendar and he has able to check my calendar and he has access to a browser. So if we click on access to a browser. So if we click on access to a browser. So if we click on the top right here on this computer the top right here on this computer the top right here on this computer icon, this will show me Booker's screen icon, this will show me Booker's screen icon, this will show me Booker's screen and I can open this up. You see that and I can open this up. You see that and I can open this up. You see that he's looking at the Great Clips website he's looking at the Great Clips website he's looking at the Great Clips website because because because &gt;&gt; let me just point out a few things over &gt;&gt; let me just point out a few things over &gt;&gt; let me just point out a few things over here. Notice first of all all the here. Notice first of all all the here. Notice first of all all the privacy notifications on the bottom that privacy notifications on the bottom that privacy notifications on the bottom that make it hard to use. Notice how it's got make it hard to use. Notice how it's got make it hard to use. Notice how it's got all these different um it's not iframes all these different um it's not iframes all these different um it's not iframes but it's frame like experiences. My

[36:24] but it's frame like experiences. My but it's frame like experiences. My barber in Austin uses uh my time as the barber in Austin uses uh my time as the barber in Austin uses uh my time as the booking system, but it's an iframe on booking system, but it's an iframe on booking system, but it's an iframe on their website. So when I go to their their website. So when I go to their their website. So when I go to their website, if I'm looking through the website, if I'm looking through the website, if I'm looking through the password manager for my login password manager for my login password manager for my login information for the password, which is a information for the password, which is a information for the password, which is a pain in the neck anyway, it doesn't find pain in the neck anyway, it doesn't find pain in the neck anyway, it doesn't find it because the password's associated it because the password's associated it because the password's associated with the my time, which is an iframe with the my time, which is an iframe with the my time, which is an iframe within the site. All these people, they within the site. All these people, they within the site. All these people, they got hoodwinkedked in web 2.0 with got hoodwinkedked in web 2.0 with got hoodwinkedked in web 2.0 with terrible sites and we now have to terrible sites and we now have to terrible sites and we now have to navigate them. And I put beyond barbers. navigate them. And I put beyond barbers. navigate them. And I put beyond barbers. I would also put into it. We have um a I would also put into it. We have um a I would also put into it. We have um a place here which is a gated community place here which is a gated community place here which is a gated community that I was living in for a bit. It had

[36:55] that I was living in for a bit. It had that I was living in for a bit. It had some service for tell for communicating some service for tell for communicating some service for tell for communicating with me. It was the worst app. Kept with me. It was the worst app. Kept with me. It was the worst app. Kept getting logged out. I said never no more getting logged out. I said never no more getting logged out. I said never no more of this. I created my own agent that was of this. I created my own agent that was of this. I created my own agent that was interacting with the site and I didn't interacting with the site and I didn't interacting with the site and I didn't have to touch it at all and it did have to touch it at all and it did have to touch it at all and it did everything for me. This is this is the everything for me. This is this is the everything for me. This is this is the thing that I I just am so frustrated by thing that I I just am so frustrated by thing that I I just am so frustrated by and I want to highlight that cuz I and I want to highlight that cuz I and I want to highlight that cuz I thought am I really highlighting how how thought am I really highlighting how how thought am I really highlighting how how Paul Lipky gets his haircuts? That Paul Lipky gets his haircuts? That Paul Lipky gets his haircuts? That doesn't seem big enough. No. No. The doesn't seem big enough. No. No. The doesn't seem big enough. No. No. The bigger message is there are systems that bigger message is there are systems that bigger message is there are systems that need to be booked on websites that suck.

[37:25] need to be booked on websites that suck. need to be booked on websites that suck. This is where I get my haircut and grey This is where I get my haircut and grey This is where I get my haircut and grey eclipse allows you to book your eclipse allows you to book your eclipse allows you to book your appointments online. So, Booker will appointments online. So, Booker will appointments online. So, Booker will work as long as the place you want to work as long as the place you want to work as long as the place you want to book an appointment has online bookings book an appointment has online bookings book an appointment has online bookings which eclipse has. My dentist also has which eclipse has. My dentist also has which eclipse has. My dentist also has that. So, Booker makes my dentist that. So, Booker makes my dentist that. So, Booker makes my dentist appointments for me every six months as appointments for me every six months as appointments for me every six months as well. Now, he doesn't just pick a random well. Now, he doesn't just pick a random well. Now, he doesn't just pick a random time for me. Instead, what he does is time for me. Instead, what he does is time for me. Instead, what he does is when he sees that I'm due for a haircut, when he sees that I'm due for a haircut, when he sees that I'm due for a haircut, he will check my calendar and look for a he will check my calendar and look for a he will check my calendar and look for a time that works. And then he checks in time that works. And then he checks in time that works. And then he checks in with me. He says, "Hey, you're due for a

[37:56] with me. He says, "Hey, you're due for a with me. He says, "Hey, you're due for a haircut. I see that there's an opening haircut. I see that there's an opening haircut. I see that there's an opening on your schedule at, in this case, 4:30. on your schedule at, in this case, 4:30. on your schedule at, in this case, 4:30. Do you want to lock in that date and Do you want to lock in that date and Do you want to lock in that date and time?" And I'll say, "Yes." And then time?" And I'll say, "Yes." And then time?" And I'll say, "Yes." And then around that time, he will go to the around that time, he will go to the around that time, he will go to the Great Clips website and put me on the Great Clips website and put me on the Great Clips website and put me on the wait list so that by exactly 4:30, I am wait list so that by exactly 4:30, I am wait list so that by exactly 4:30, I am the first one in line and I'm ready to the first one in line and I'm ready to the first one in line and I'm ready to get my haircut. And then the first time get my haircut. And then the first time get my haircut. And then the first time that this actually worked, it honestly that this actually worked, it honestly that this actually worked, it honestly kind of blew my mind. So he booked the kind of blew my mind. So he booked the kind of blew my mind. So he booked the appointment, he put it on my calendar, appointment, he put it on my calendar, appointment, he put it on my calendar, and then I showed up and sure enough, I and then I showed up and sure enough, I and then I showed up and sure enough, I was on the wait list. I was the first

[38:26] was on the wait list. I was the first was on the wait list. I was the first one in line and I just went in, got my one in line and I just went in, got my one in line and I just went in, got my haircut, and didn't have to think about haircut, and didn't have to think about haircut, and didn't have to think about it at all. It was really cool. I'm also it at all. It was really cool. I'm also it at all. It was really cool. I'm also going to set up Booker to do the same going to set up Booker to do the same going to set up Booker to do the same thing for oil changes and tire rotations thing for oil changes and tire rotations thing for oil changes and tire rotations for me. for me. for me. &gt;&gt; Super helpful. Thoughts on this? &gt;&gt; Super helpful. Thoughts on this? &gt;&gt; Super helpful. Thoughts on this? &gt;&gt; And an amazing feature that Grockpot has &gt;&gt; And an amazing feature that Grockpot has &gt;&gt; And an amazing feature that Grockpot has and I wish he would show us is teach a and I wish he would show us is teach a and I wish he would show us is teach a task. If you go back uh when he was at task. If you go back uh when he was at task. If you go back uh when he was at the browser, there is a button that says the browser, there is a button that says the browser, there is a button that says teach a task. So if the website is teach a task. So if the website is teach a task. So if the website is complicated, you can do the task complicated, you can do the task complicated, you can do the task manually. It records a video of of you

[38:56] manually. It records a video of of you manually. It records a video of of you and then next time it creates a skill and then next time it creates a skill and then next time it creates a skill that can reproduce it every time um that can reproduce it every time um that can reproduce it every time um correctly. And this is what I love with correctly. And this is what I love with correctly. And this is what I love with this. this. this. &gt;&gt; What are you using for passwords? &gt;&gt; What are you using for passwords? &gt;&gt; What are you using for passwords? Because I use uh one password and I Because I use uh one password and I Because I use uh one password and I share it using agent mode within share it using agent mode within share it using agent mode within passwords. And lately, Grockbot is kind passwords. And lately, Grockbot is kind passwords. And lately, Grockbot is kind of spitting that back out at me because of spitting that back out at me because of spitting that back out at me because it has its own direct one password it has its own direct one password it has its own direct one password integration, which I don't love. I don't integration, which I don't love. I don't integration, which I don't love. I don't want to give it full one password want to give it full one password want to give it full one password access. I I don't know. How have you access. I I don't know. How have you access. I I don't know. How have you been feeling about it? been feeling about it? been feeling about it? &gt;&gt; I haven't tried it to &gt;&gt; I haven't tried it to &gt;&gt; I haven't tried it to &gt;&gt; How do you give it passwords? &gt;&gt; How do you give it passwords? &gt;&gt; How do you give it passwords? &gt;&gt; Yes,

[39:26] &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; I just log in. It keeps the session, but &gt;&gt; I just log in. It keeps the session, but &gt;&gt; I just log in. It keeps the session, but it's not very reliable. Sometimes you it's not very reliable. Sometimes you it's not very reliable. Sometimes you have to uh relocation. have to uh relocation. have to uh relocation. &gt;&gt; I don't like that at all. I would highly &gt;&gt; I don't like that at all. I would highly &gt;&gt; I don't like that at all. I would highly recommend that you look into agent recommend that you look into agent recommend that you look into agent connections for one password and then connections for one password and then connections for one password and then whenever you have a password that you whenever you have a password that you whenever you have a password that you want your agent to use, you move it into want your agent to use, you move it into want your agent to use, you move it into that collection and your agent will have that collection and your agent will have that collection and your agent will have access. If it gets logged out, it can access. If it gets logged out, it can access. If it gets logged out, it can log itself back in. log itself back in. log itself back in. &gt;&gt; Uh it's super useful. Honestly, it is &gt;&gt; Uh it's super useful. Honestly, it is &gt;&gt; Uh it's super useful. Honestly, it is fantastic. And you and what I did in the fantastic. And you and what I did in the fantastic. And you and what I did in the past was I bought another user account past was I bought another user account past was I bought another user account for uh one password for my agent and you for uh one password for my agent and you

[39:56] for uh one password for my agent and you don't need that. One password will have don't need that. One password will have don't need that. One password will have it. I don't love one password. It's it. I don't love one password. It's it. I don't love one password. It's slow. It's got clunky. It's clunky. It's slow. It's got clunky. It's clunky. It's slow. It's got clunky. It's clunky. It's got issues. Having said that, it does got issues. Having said that, it does got issues. Having said that, it does have good agent mode and so I like it have good agent mode and so I like it have good agent mode and so I like it for that. All right, if you all like for that. All right, if you all like for that. All right, if you all like this video, I've got another one for you this video, I've got another one for you this video, I've got another one for you that will show you how it's not just you that will show you how it's not just you that will show you how it's not just you who's going to work with your agent, who's going to work with your agent, who's going to work with your agent, it's your team. And even if that team is it's your team. And even if that team is it's your team. And even if that team is just you and a friend or you and a just you and a friend or you and a just you and a friend or you and a spouse, there's a way to bring all these spouse, there's a way to bring all these spouse, there's a way to bring all these agents now into Slack to allow them to agents now into Slack to allow them to agents now into Slack to allow them to communicate with each other and more communicate with each other and more communicate with each other and more importantly communicate with other importantly communicate with other importantly communicate with other humans on your team. I've got a video humans on your team. I've got a video humans on your team. I've got a video for you on that here and we'll see you for you on that here and we'll see you for you on that here and we'll see you there.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=o7Rm5FvA7hU
