# Transcript: New release: fewer tokens & reliable AI

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6ptUFMyaJg
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 17:00 · Words: 11297
Other available languages: a-fr-FR (fr-FR) [auto], a-de-DE (de-DE) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-pt-BR (pt-BR) [auto], a-es-US (es-US) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/U6ptUFMyaJg.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=U6ptUFMyaJg

## Transcript
[0:02] Your agent is super smart, but it does Your agent is super smart, but it does stupid things sometimes, like burning stupid things sometimes, like burning stupid things sometimes, like burning through your tokens and wasting your through your tokens and wasting your through your tokens and wasting your cash or doing [snorts] unexpected cash or doing [snorts] unexpected cash or doing [snorts] unexpected destructive things. Well, today destructive things. Well, today destructive things. Well, today something came out that solves that. something came out that solves that. something came out that solves that. Before I tell you what it is, I want to Before I tell you what it is, I want to Before I tell you what it is, I want to tell you two stories that I think you tell you two stories that I think you tell you two stories that I think you could identify with. You see, this could identify with. You see, this could identify with. You see, this weekend I burned through my Grok Bot weekend I burned through my Grok Bot weekend I burned through my Grok Bot subscription and went into overage subscription and went into overage subscription and went into overage costs. That meant I paid $264 costs. That meant I paid $264 costs. That meant I paid $264 for 2 days of overage. for 2 days of overage. for 2 days of overage. That's more than my entire monthly That's more than my entire monthly That's more than my entire monthly subscription. When I asked my agent why, subscription. When I asked my agent why, subscription. When I asked my agent why, it said it's checking for changes to

[0:34] it said it's checking for changes to it said it's checking for changes to sites hundreds of times a day. sites hundreds of times a day. sites hundreds of times a day. That's why AI is burning through your That's why AI is burning through your That's why AI is burning through your tokens. It's as if you and I are paying tokens. It's as if you and I are paying tokens. It's as if you and I are paying a world-class brain surgeon to do a world-class brain surgeon to do a world-class brain surgeon to do mundane things for us over and over mundane things for us over and over mundane things for us over and over again. You're about to get a solution again. You're about to get a solution again. You're about to get a solution for that. I have another story for you. for that. I have another story for you. for that. I have another story for you. See, I have another agent that sends out See, I have another agent that sends out See, I have another agent that sends out sales emails to people who I want to sales emails to people who I want to sales emails to people who I want to sponsor my videos here. And one of the sponsor my videos here. And one of the sponsor my videos here. And one of the things that it does is it includes two things that it does is it includes two things that it does is it includes two thumbnails of my recent videos that got thumbnails of my recent videos that got thumbnails of my recent videos that got big views to entice them to sponsor. big views to entice them to sponsor. big views to entice them to sponsor. Well, recently it replaced thumbnails of

[1:04] Well, recently it replaced thumbnails of Well, recently it replaced thumbnails of my videos with thumbnails of videos from my videos with thumbnails of videos from my videos with thumbnails of videos from Alex Hormozi and Michael Hyatt. They had Alex Hormozi and Michael Hyatt. They had Alex Hormozi and Michael Hyatt. They had more views, so my agent thought that more views, so my agent thought that more views, so my agent thought that would be more helpful. would be more helpful. would be more helpful. Stupid [music] and painful. That Stupid [music] and painful. That Stupid [music] and painful. That probabilistic part of AI is why AI does probabilistic part of AI is why AI does probabilistic part of AI is why AI does stupid things. You're about to see how stupid things. You're about to see how stupid things. You're about to see how to harden your agent with deterministic to harden your agent with deterministic to harden your agent with deterministic action that you can count on so it action that you can count on so it action that you can count on so it doesn't make stupid mistakes. So, what's doesn't make stupid mistakes. So, what's doesn't make stupid mistakes. So, what's the new thing that came out? Well, the new thing that came out? Well, the new thing that came out? Well, Zapier just announced NextGen Zaps, and Zapier just announced NextGen Zaps, and Zapier just announced NextGen Zaps, and its founder is here to show you how you its founder is here to show you how you its founder is here to show you how you can use it to save money and get better

[1:34] can use it to save money and get better can use it to save money and get better results from your agents. results from your agents. results from your agents. &gt;&gt; What we're looking at here is a very &gt;&gt; What we're looking at here is a very &gt;&gt; What we're looking at here is a very simple workflow. So, simple workflow. So, simple workflow. So, I, like many people, have started I, like many people, have started I, like many people, have started recording most of my meetings. And I use recording most of my meetings. And I use recording most of my meetings. And I use this awesome tool got called Granola. this awesome tool got called Granola. this awesome tool got called Granola. And um And um And um you know, it it's fantastic. It's sort you know, it it's fantastic. It's sort you know, it it's fantastic. It's sort of helping me keep track of just what of helping me keep track of just what of helping me keep track of just what I've got going on. But in addition to I've got going on. But in addition to I've got going on. But in addition to Granola, I also have an EA. And my EA Granola, I also have an EA. And my EA Granola, I also have an EA. And my EA also helps me keep on top of uh really also helps me keep on top of uh really also helps me keep on top of uh really important stuff. And so one of the important stuff. And so one of the important stuff. And so one of the things I wanted to do was start to share

[2:06] things I wanted to do was start to share things I wanted to do was start to share the Granola transcripts with my EA. In the Granola transcripts with my EA. In the Granola transcripts with my EA. In the past, if you were to use like an old the past, if you were to use like an old the past, if you were to use like an old fully deterministic workflow, fully deterministic workflow, fully deterministic workflow, um um um you would have to save every single you would have to save every single you would have to save every single transcript to transcript to transcript to uh a shared you know, in this case I use uh a shared you know, in this case I use uh a shared you know, in this case I use a shared drive folder. a shared drive folder. a shared drive folder. Um and with next-gen Zaps, you can add Um and with next-gen Zaps, you can add Um and with next-gen Zaps, you can add uh inference to it, but you can still uh inference to it, but you can still uh inference to it, but you can still have the rest of it run have the rest of it run have the rest of it run deterministically. Uh and so only the deterministically. Uh and so only the deterministically. Uh and so only the part you care about needs to run um with part you care about needs to run um with part you care about needs to run um with an agent. And so I was in Cursor, which

[2:36] an agent. And so I was in Cursor, which an agent. And so I was in Cursor, which is where I do most of my agent building, is where I do most of my agent building, is where I do most of my agent building, and I was going back and forth with this and I was going back and forth with this and I was going back and forth with this where I was like, "Hey, can you help me where I was like, "Hey, can you help me where I was like, "Hey, can you help me build a workflow that saves my Granola build a workflow that saves my Granola build a workflow that saves my Granola transcripts to um Google Drive?" And transcripts to um Google Drive?" And transcripts to um Google Drive?" And they're like, "Yeah, sure. Let me help they're like, "Yeah, sure. Let me help they're like, "Yeah, sure. Let me help you with that. Um we'll use Zapier's new you with that. Um we'll use Zapier's new you with that. Um we'll use Zapier's new next-gen Zap builder to go build out a next-gen Zap builder to go build out a next-gen Zap builder to go build out a workflow that, you know, runs and does workflow that, you know, runs and does workflow that, you know, runs and does this." So we went around and built this." So we went around and built this." So we went around and built planning out how to build it. And it had planning out how to build it. And it had planning out how to build it. And it had this really important question, which this really important question, which this really important question, which was, "Do you want to share every single was, "Do you want to share every single was, "Do you want to share every single uh transcript with um your EA?" uh transcript with um your EA?" uh transcript with um your EA?" And I said, "Well, you know, Zapier, And I said, "Well, you know, Zapier, And I said, "Well, you know, Zapier, we're pretty transparent org, so I do

[3:06] we're pretty transparent org, so I do we're pretty transparent org, so I do want to share most everything, but there want to share most everything, but there want to share most everything, but there could be some things that I don't want could be some things that I don't want could be some things that I don't want to share. So can you help me think to share. So can you help me think to share. So can you help me think through the situations where I might not through the situations where I might not through the situations where I might not want to share those?" So it gave me a want to share those?" So it gave me a want to share those?" So it gave me a bunch of examples, and you can see in bunch of examples, and you can see in bunch of examples, and you can see in this demo uh that there's like a few uh this demo uh that there's like a few uh this demo uh that there's like a few uh listed out here. So exclude board listed out here. So exclude board listed out here. So exclude board meetings and preparation, meetings and preparation, meetings and preparation, attorney-client privilege advice, or attorney-client privilege advice, or attorney-client privilege advice, or legal strategy, medical matters, so on legal strategy, medical matters, so on legal strategy, medical matters, so on and so forth. So it came up with way and so forth. So it came up with way and so forth. So it came up with way more categories than I even thought more categories than I even thought more categories than I even thought about. Like I was like, about. Like I was like, about. Like I was like, uh you know, I'm just like, "I don't uh you know, I'm just like, "I don't uh you know, I'm just like, "I don't really know. Like what things do I talk really know. Like what things do I talk really know. Like what things do I talk about that might be sensitive? I talk about that might be sensitive? I talk about that might be sensitive? I talk about everything." And so it listed them

[3:37] about everything." And so it listed them about everything." And so it listed them out. And I was like, "Oh, yeah, I guess out. And I was like, "Oh, yeah, I guess out. And I was like, "Oh, yeah, I guess if any of those things do come up, those if any of those things do come up, those if any of those things do come up, those are probably things that I wouldn't want are probably things that I wouldn't want are probably things that I wouldn't want to share by default. Maybe I'd share to share by default. Maybe I'd share to share by default. Maybe I'd share after the fact, but I'd I'd rather that after the fact, but I'd I'd rather that after the fact, but I'd I'd rather that have a human in the loop versus just have a human in the loop versus just have a human in the loop versus just automatically." And so once it did that, automatically." And so once it did that, automatically." And so once it did that, it said, "Great. Now I'm I'm to go build it said, "Great. Now I'm I'm to go build it said, "Great. Now I'm I'm to go build it." it." it." And what it does is it builds this And what it does is it builds this And what it does is it builds this workflow and it deploys it and runs it workflow and it deploys it and runs it workflow and it deploys it and runs it on Zapier and then it builds this nice on Zapier and then it builds this nice on Zapier and then it builds this nice little visual on top of it. So, none of little visual on top of it. So, none of little visual on top of it. So, none of this is like, you know, old Zapier you this is like, you know, old Zapier you this is like, you know, old Zapier you kind of click trigger action, etc. etc. kind of click trigger action, etc. etc. kind of click trigger action, etc. etc. etc. None of what you're seeing here is etc. None of what you're seeing here is etc. None of what you're seeing here is that. Instead, what this is is all code that. Instead, what this is is all code that. Instead, what this is is all code under the hood, but it's giving me a

[4:08] under the hood, but it's giving me a under the hood, but it's giving me a visual that like helps me understand visual that like helps me understand visual that like helps me understand what is happening here. And so, what is happening here. And so, what is happening here. And so, every hour every hour every hour at 15 plat past, it goes and checks to at 15 plat past, it goes and checks to at 15 plat past, it goes and checks to see are there new transcripts? And if it see are there new transcripts? And if it see are there new transcripts? And if it are, it fetches them from Granola. Then, are, it fetches them from Granola. Then, are, it fetches them from Granola. Then, uh it uh it uh it assesses, does it, you know, meet uh one assesses, does it, you know, meet uh one assesses, does it, you know, meet uh one of these exclusion criterias? And if it of these exclusion criterias? And if it of these exclusion criterias? And if it does, it doesn't save it to the drive does, it doesn't save it to the drive does, it doesn't save it to the drive folder. But, if it doesn't meet one of folder. But, if it doesn't meet one of folder. But, if it doesn't meet one of these exclusion criteria, it goes and these exclusion criteria, it goes and these exclusion criteria, it goes and head and saves the transcript to uh head and saves the transcript to uh head and saves the transcript to uh Google Drive. Now, what's nice about

[4:39] Google Drive. Now, what's nice about Google Drive. Now, what's nice about this is that, this is that, this is that, you know, right now there's a lot of you know, right now there's a lot of you know, right now there's a lot of folks building these kind of like fully folks building these kind of like fully folks building these kind of like fully agentic workflows. And with those fully agentic workflows. And with those fully agentic workflows. And with those fully agentic workflows, what happens is agentic workflows, what happens is agentic workflows, what happens is every single time the workflow runs, the every single time the workflow runs, the every single time the workflow runs, the agent is deciding from scratch how to do agent is deciding from scratch how to do agent is deciding from scratch how to do it all over again. And so, it may not it all over again. And so, it may not it all over again. And so, it may not run the same way every single time. It's run the same way every single time. It's run the same way every single time. It's burning tokens for every single step burning tokens for every single step burning tokens for every single step along the way. Whereas, if you ship along the way. Whereas, if you ship along the way. Whereas, if you ship these on Zapier, these on Zapier, these on Zapier, what Zapier does is it decides what

[5:09] what Zapier does is it decides what what Zapier does is it decides what should actually run deterministically. should actually run deterministically. should actually run deterministically. It hardens [snorts] it is what we call It hardens [snorts] it is what we call It hardens [snorts] it is what we call it internally. And so, for this Zap, it it internally. And so, for this Zap, it it internally. And so, for this Zap, it knows every hour 15 past, I want to go knows every hour 15 past, I want to go knows every hour 15 past, I want to go fetch the Granola transcript. It fetches fetch the Granola transcript. It fetches fetch the Granola transcript. It fetches the Granola transcript. Then, there's an the Granola transcript. Then, there's an the Granola transcript. Then, there's an agentic process that runs that agentic process that runs that agentic process that runs that managerial decision. Should I include it managerial decision. Should I include it managerial decision. Should I include it or should I not include it in the drive or should I not include it in the drive or should I not include it in the drive folder? And then if it passes that check folder? And then if it passes that check folder? And then if it passes that check mark, it, you know, code kicks in again, mark, it, you know, code kicks in again, mark, it, you know, code kicks in again, a deterministic workflow kicks in again, a deterministic workflow kicks in again, a deterministic workflow kicks in again, and it saves those to Google Drive. So, and it saves those to Google Drive. So, and it saves those to Google Drive. So, very very simple workflow very very simple workflow very very simple workflow um that runs mostly deterministically

[5:40] um that runs mostly deterministically um that runs mostly deterministically with one, you know, agent step deciding with one, you know, agent step deciding with one, you know, agent step deciding should this, you know, go into uh drive should this, you know, go into uh drive should this, you know, go into uh drive or not. or not. or not. Um the last [clears throat] thing that's Um the last [clears throat] thing that's Um the last [clears throat] thing that's pretty handy about these new workflows pretty handy about these new workflows pretty handy about these new workflows is is you can see this thing up top, is is you can see this thing up top, is is you can see this thing up top, agentically managed. This workflow is agentically managed. This workflow is agentically managed. This workflow is managed by an agent. Review agent managed by an agent. Review agent managed by an agent. Review agent capabilities or create rules that limit capabilities or create rules that limit capabilities or create rules that limit what actions the agents can take. Now, what actions the agents can take. Now, what actions the agents can take. Now, what's handy about these agentically what's handy about these agentically what's handy about these agentically managed workflows is that deterministic managed workflows is that deterministic managed workflows is that deterministic workflows sometimes break. An API fails workflows sometimes break. An API fails workflows sometimes break. An API fails or there's an outage or just something or there's an outage or just something or there's an outage or just something wonky happens. And uh oftentimes that

[6:11] wonky happens. And uh oftentimes that wonky happens. And uh oftentimes that error means a human has to come in and error means a human has to come in and error means a human has to come in and say, "Well, what happened? Why did this say, "Well, what happened? Why did this say, "Well, what happened? Why did this happen and how can I recover from this?" happen and how can I recover from this?" happen and how can I recover from this?" Well, if you turn on an agentically Well, if you turn on an agentically Well, if you turn on an agentically managed workflow, uh what the managed workflow, uh what the managed workflow, uh what the agentically managed ones does is when agentically managed ones does is when agentically managed ones does is when those errors happen, it falls back to those errors happen, it falls back to those errors happen, it falls back to having an agent look at the whole system having an agent look at the whole system having an agent look at the whole system and says, "Well, why did it break?" And and says, "Well, why did it break?" And and says, "Well, why did it break?" And then it figures out what broke for this then it figures out what broke for this then it figures out what broke for this reason, uh let me go fix that. And it so reason, uh let me go fix that. And it so reason, uh let me go fix that. And it so will fix it for that one run. And so you will fix it for that one run. And so you will fix it for that one run. And so you get the kind of the pros and cons of get the kind of the pros and cons of get the kind of the pros and cons of having a fully agentic system, but you having a fully agentic system, but you having a fully agentic system, but you get the efficiencies of having it get the efficiencies of having it get the efficiencies of having it totally hardened. So, that's what

[6:41] totally hardened. So, that's what totally hardened. So, that's what next-gen zaps are in a nutshell. next-gen zaps are in a nutshell. next-gen zaps are in a nutshell. &gt;&gt; Okay, look, there two things that stand &gt;&gt; Okay, look, there two things that stand &gt;&gt; Okay, look, there two things that stand out to me as being useful here. The out to me as being useful here. The out to me as being useful here. The first one is now I'm letting a simple first one is now I'm letting a simple first one is now I'm letting a simple automation do the check every hour automation do the check every hour automation do the check every hour instead of paying for GrokBot or Claude instead of paying for GrokBot or Claude instead of paying for GrokBot or Claude or whatever else I'm using. And Claude or whatever else I'm using. And Claude or whatever else I'm using. And Claude is not that expensive, but these other is not that expensive, but these other is not that expensive, but these other agents get expensive. So, instead of agents get expensive. So, instead of agents get expensive. So, instead of having them do it, I'm basically having having them do it, I'm basically having having them do it, I'm basically having a simple automation do it. And the a simple automation do it. And the a simple automation do it. And the second thing that is helpful is a lot of second thing that is helpful is a lot of second thing that is helpful is a lot of it is no longer probabilistic. A lot of it is no longer probabilistic. A lot of it is no longer probabilistic. A lot of times what I find is that the agent will times what I find is that the agent will times what I find is that the agent will mix stuff up based on what it thinks my

[7:12] mix stuff up based on what it thinks my mix stuff up based on what it thinks my intention is. Like the example that I intention is. Like the example that I intention is. Like the example that I keep giving is I asked it to send out an keep giving is I asked it to send out an keep giving is I asked it to send out an email every time I want to land a email every time I want to land a email every time I want to land a sponsor and I want it to include sponsor and I want it to include sponsor and I want it to include screenshots of my recent interviews or screenshots of my recent interviews or screenshots of my recent interviews or thumbnails. thumbnails. thumbnails. And it thought, "Well, Andrew's And it thought, "Well, Andrew's And it thought, "Well, Andrew's thumbnails are not as effective as this thumbnails are not as effective as this thumbnails are not as effective as this other guy's thumbnails. I'm going to other guy's thumbnails. I'm going to other guy's thumbnails. I'm going to switch out Andrew's thumbnails for the switch out Andrew's thumbnails for the switch out Andrew's thumbnails for the other guy." But obviously, if you're other guy." But obviously, if you're other guy." But obviously, if you're buying an ad from me, you need to see my buying an ad from me, you need to see my buying an ad from me, you need to see my thumbnail. You don't need to see some thumbnail. You don't need to see some thumbnail. You don't need to see some random other person. random other person. random other person. But it was probabilistic. And so what But it was probabilistic. And so what But it was probabilistic. And so what this is trying to do is say, "No, that this is trying to do is say, "No, that this is trying to do is say, "No, that should be deterministic. We always want should be deterministic. We always want should be deterministic. We always want the same thumbnails from Andrew. We the same thumbnails from Andrew. We the same thumbnails from Andrew. We always want the email to work this way.

[7:43] always want the email to work this way. always want the email to work this way. And then there parts that are And then there parts that are And then there parts that are probabilistic and the agent fills in the probabilistic and the agent fills in the probabilistic and the agent fills in the gap. And that makes sense to me and then gap. And that makes sense to me and then gap. And that makes sense to me and then you're also creating this from within you're also creating this from within you're also creating this from within the agent that you use all the time. the agent that you use all the time. the agent that you use all the time. At what point do you come in and tell At what point do you come in and tell At what point do you come in and tell the agent, "Okay, enough with the the agent, "Okay, enough with the the agent, "Okay, enough with the probabilistic. I'm ready now to harden probabilistic. I'm ready now to harden probabilistic. I'm ready now to harden certain aspects of it." Do you go back certain aspects of it." Do you go back certain aspects of it." Do you go back to the same chat? Do you go back to the to the same chat? Do you go back to the to the same chat? Do you go back to the same agent and say, "Take this thing same agent and say, "Take this thing same agent and say, "Take this thing that we've been doing in a probabilistic that we've been doing in a probabilistic that we've been doing in a probabilistic way and now start handing it over to way and now start handing it over to way and now start handing it over to Zapier." Zapier." Zapier." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, great question. Let me show &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, great question. Let me show &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, great question. Let me show off a second demo here. I am in a

[8:14] off a second demo here. I am in a off a second demo here. I am in a fantasy football league with my my fantasy football league with my my fantasy football league with my my brother-in-law started this. It's a brother-in-law started this. It's a brother-in-law started this. It's a family fantasy football league. And family fantasy football league. And family fantasy football league. And we've been playing for 5 years. It's we've been playing for 5 years. It's we've been playing for 5 years. It's just a fun like way to keep the family just a fun like way to keep the family just a fun like way to keep the family close together uh you know, just close together uh you know, just close together uh you know, just throughout you know, football season. throughout you know, football season. throughout you know, football season. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And uh I have a good time doing it, but &gt;&gt; And uh I have a good time doing it, but &gt;&gt; And uh I have a good time doing it, but I'm a busy guy. Like I run Zapier. I've I'm a busy guy. Like I run Zapier. I've I'm a busy guy. Like I run Zapier. I've got two kids. Like there's a lot going got two kids. Like there's a lot going got two kids. Like there's a lot going on. And so managing the football team is on. And so managing the football team is on. And so managing the football team is like this other like side task that has like this other like side task that has like this other like side task that has to happen. And uh you know, for those of to happen. And uh you know, for those of to happen. And uh you know, for those of you who maybe don't manage a fantasy you who maybe don't manage a fantasy you who maybe don't manage a fantasy football team, there's basically two football team, there's basically two football team, there's basically two things that you have to do which is

[8:44] things that you have to do which is things that you have to do which is every week you have to uh go look at the every week you have to uh go look at the every week you have to uh go look at the waiver wires to figure out, you know, waiver wires to figure out, you know, waiver wires to figure out, you know, should I do I need to add a new player should I do I need to add a new player should I do I need to add a new player to my team and drop someone else because to my team and drop someone else because to my team and drop someone else because maybe they're injured or they're on a maybe they're injured or they're on a maybe they're injured or they're on a bye week meaning they're not playing bye week meaning they're not playing bye week meaning they're not playing that week to basically try and field the that week to basically try and field the that week to basically try and field the best roster that you possibly can. The best roster that you possibly can. The best roster that you possibly can. The second thing you can do is you can try second thing you can do is you can try second thing you can do is you can try and trade with other players to figure and trade with other players to figure and trade with other players to figure out, "Hey, can I improve my roster and out, "Hey, can I improve my roster and out, "Hey, can I improve my roster and also help them improve their roster?" also help them improve their roster?" also help them improve their roster?" Again, to try and you know, improve your Again, to try and you know, improve your Again, to try and you know, improve your overall outlook. Now, all of this stuff overall outlook. Now, all of this stuff overall outlook. Now, all of this stuff is pretty fun, but it takes a lot of is pretty fun, but it takes a lot of is pretty fun, but it takes a lot of time and effort um

[9:14] time and effort um time and effort um to do because you have to sit down and to do because you have to sit down and to do because you have to sit down and you have to study the league and you you have to study the league and you you have to study the league and you have to know which players are good and have to know which players are good and have to know which players are good and which defenses are good and which which defenses are good and which which defenses are good and which match-ups and it's it's just like if you match-ups and it's it's just like if you match-ups and it's it's just like if you really want to be good at it, you're really want to be good at it, you're really want to be good at it, you're like, "Man, this is a lot of effort." like, "Man, this is a lot of effort." like, "Man, this is a lot of effort." And so uh I was messing around the other And so uh I was messing around the other And so uh I was messing around the other day thinking like I wonder if AI can day thinking like I wonder if AI can day thinking like I wonder if AI can sort of help me with this task. And so I sort of help me with this task. And so I sort of help me with this task. And so I I found out Sleeper which is the I found out Sleeper which is the I found out Sleeper which is the platform that we run the league on uh platform that we run the league on uh platform that we run the league on uh you know, has this API. And I said, you know, has this API. And I said, you know, has this API. And I said, "Hey, can you like help me figure this "Hey, can you like help me figure this "Hey, can you like help me figure this out?" And so, you know, I was like, out?" And so, you know, I was like, out?" And so, you know, I was like, "Hey, can you, you know, help me like go

[9:45] "Hey, can you, you know, help me like go "Hey, can you, you know, help me like go look at the look at the look at the the fantasy football teams we've got." the fantasy football teams we've got." the fantasy football teams we've got." And so, you know, it's like, "Yep, I've And so, you know, it's like, "Yep, I've And so, you know, it's like, "Yep, I've got the 12 rosters. You can see all the got the 12 rosters. You can see all the got the 12 rosters. You can see all the rosters here." Uh and then I was like, rosters here." Uh and then I was like, rosters here." Uh and then I was like, "Okay, great. Now, can you like tell me "Okay, great. Now, can you like tell me "Okay, great. Now, can you like tell me who might be a good trading partner? who might be a good trading partner? who might be a good trading partner? I want to figure out if we can sort of I want to figure out if we can sort of I want to figure out if we can sort of update and correct the teams." And so, update and correct the teams." And so, update and correct the teams." And so, you know, it sends gets out and says you know, it sends gets out and says you know, it sends gets out and says like, "Hey, you know, I think the this like, "Hey, you know, I think the this like, "Hey, you know, I think the this you know, NY Jets is like a good team you know, NY Jets is like a good team you know, NY Jets is like a good team that you could, you know, trade with. that you could, you know, trade with. that you could, you know, trade with. Like, Like, Like, you've got a good this is a running you've got a good this is a running you've got a good this is a running back, they've got a good receiver. So, back, they've got a good receiver. So, back, they've got a good receiver. So, like, you know, maybe you both could get like, you know, maybe you both could get like, you know, maybe you both could get better." And then there's like these

[10:15] better." And then there's like these better." And then there's like these other options here where, you know, a other options here where, you know, a other options here where, you know, a couple other teams. And so, I was like, couple other teams. And so, I was like, couple other teams. And so, I was like, "Oh, that's interesting." But I thought "Oh, that's interesting." But I thought "Oh, that's interesting." But I thought the analysis was kind of flawed. Like, the analysis was kind of flawed. Like, the analysis was kind of flawed. Like, it didn't know that this guy had just it didn't know that this guy had just it didn't know that this guy had just gone to the IR. gone to the IR. gone to the IR. And so, I was just trying to give it a And so, I was just trying to give it a And so, I was just trying to give it a little bit of feedback. And so, it was little bit of feedback. And so, it was little bit of feedback. And so, it was like, "Oh, I missed this. Let me go, you like, "Oh, I missed this. Let me go, you like, "Oh, I missed this. Let me go, you know, do a little analysis." So, it, you know, do a little analysis." So, it, you know, do a little analysis." So, it, you know, upgraded its sort of full trade know, upgraded its sort of full trade know, upgraded its sort of full trade review. So, you can see I'm just kind of review. So, you can see I'm just kind of review. So, you can see I'm just kind of going back with it, trying to like get going back with it, trying to like get going back with it, trying to like get it to like think the way that I would. it to like think the way that I would. it to like think the way that I would. And then, you know, I eventually go And then, you know, I eventually go And then, you know, I eventually go like, "Oh, that's that I like how it's like, "Oh, that's that I like how it's like, "Oh, that's that I like how it's doing." And so, I said, "Well, doing." And so, I said, "Well, doing." And so, I said, "Well, you know, I don't want to sit down with you know, I don't want to sit down with you know, I don't want to sit down with this agent once a week and try and have

[10:46] this agent once a week and try and have this agent once a week and try and have it help me think through what trades to it help me think through what trades to it help me think through what trades to run. I'd rather this just like run. I'd rather this just like run. I'd rather this just like I I just get a report every week. Like, I I just get a report every week. Like, I I just get a report every week. Like, what what should I do?" And so, I'm what what should I do?" And so, I'm what what should I do?" And so, I'm like, "Hey, this is a helpful analysis. like, "Hey, this is a helpful analysis. like, "Hey, this is a helpful analysis. Can you run it every week? And I want Can you run it every week? And I want Can you run it every week? And I want you to do two things. Like, check the you to do two things. Like, check the you to do two things. Like, check the news from all the the the weekend games, news from all the the the weekend games, news from all the the the weekend games, check the injury updates, check all the check the injury updates, check all the check the injury updates, check all the fantasy outlets, then review my roster fantasy outlets, then review my roster fantasy outlets, then review my roster and my and my and my league mates' rosters. And then I want league mates' rosters. And then I want league mates' rosters. And then I want you to look for two things. Waiver wire you to look for two things. Waiver wire you to look for two things. Waiver wire pickups that can improve my team and pickups that can improve my team and pickups that can improve my team and those potential trade trading partners. those potential trade trading partners. those potential trade trading partners. And then, email me the suggestion and

[11:16] And then, email me the suggestion and And then, email me the suggestion and build this as a durable workflow on build this as a durable workflow on build this as a durable workflow on Zapier." And so, it's like, "Great. I Zapier." And so, it's like, "Great. I Zapier." And so, it's like, "Great. I can do that." And so, it goes and sort can do that." And so, it goes and sort can do that." And so, it goes and sort of assesses all these things. It's of assesses all these things. It's of assesses all these things. It's automatically figuring out what should automatically figuring out what should automatically figuring out what should be like a deterministic Zap and what be like a deterministic Zap and what be like a deterministic Zap and what should be AI. And then, it goes and should be AI. And then, it goes and should be AI. And then, it goes and builds it. builds it. builds it. Now, this one happened to take like a Now, this one happened to take like a Now, this one happened to take like a little bit of a while, so I thought it little bit of a while, so I thought it little bit of a while, so I thought it might have gotten stuck. You can see it might have gotten stuck. You can see it might have gotten stuck. You can see it took, you know, 26 minutes to build this took, you know, 26 minutes to build this took, you know, 26 minutes to build this one, but one, but one, but &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. &gt;&gt; uh at the end of the day, &gt;&gt; uh at the end of the day, &gt;&gt; uh at the end of the day, uh it it worked and then uh it it worked and then uh it it worked and then uh you know, I gave it a few tweaks. uh you know, I gave it a few tweaks. uh you know, I gave it a few tweaks. Like I didn't like the email design, so Like I didn't like the email design, so Like I didn't like the email design, so I was like, "Yeah, I'll make that uh I was like, "Yeah, I'll make that uh I was like, "Yeah, I'll make that uh better." Uh I didn't like one of the

[11:47] better." Uh I didn't like one of the better." Uh I didn't like one of the suggestions, so I was like, "Okay, you suggestions, so I was like, "Okay, you suggestions, so I was like, "Okay, you know, work work on that." And you know, know, work work on that." And you know, know, work work on that." And you know, we're off to the races. And so, that's we're off to the races. And so, that's we're off to the races. And so, that's what it did and now let me uh actually what it did and now let me uh actually what it did and now let me uh actually share share share uh one other thing, which is the um the uh one other thing, which is the um the uh one other thing, which is the um the email that it actually sent. So, I now email that it actually sent. So, I now email that it actually sent. So, I now get uh an email that looks like this on get uh an email that looks like this on get uh an email that looks like this on Tuesday morning, Tuesday morning, Tuesday morning, which is uh family league week two which is uh family league week two which is uh family league week two waiver and trade review. And so, it waiver and trade review. And so, it waiver and trade review. And so, it basically just says, basically just says, basically just says, you know, here's what you should do. you know, here's what you should do. you know, here's what you should do. Like, you need to pick up a Emmanuel

[12:17] Like, you need to pick up a Emmanuel Like, you need to pick up a Emmanuel Wilson, you should probably drop Antonio Wilson, you should probably drop Antonio Wilson, you should probably drop Antonio Williams. Uh or actually, you could do Williams. Uh or actually, you could do Williams. Uh or actually, you could do Trey Tucker or you could do Xavier Trey Tucker or you could do Xavier Trey Tucker or you could do Xavier Hutchinson. So, it gave me five Hutchinson. So, it gave me five Hutchinson. So, it gave me five suggestions of like things I should do. suggestions of like things I should do. suggestions of like things I should do. So, instead of me having to go out and So, instead of me having to go out and So, instead of me having to go out and do all this research every week, it just do all this research every week, it just do all this research every week, it just tells me like, here's the the the tells me like, here's the the the tells me like, here's the the the adjustments you should make. Uh adjustments you should make. Uh adjustments you should make. Uh you know, same thing for trade you know, same thing for trade you know, same thing for trade opportunities. It's like, here's some opportunities. It's like, here's some opportunities. It's like, here's some three, you know, trade partners that you three, you know, trade partners that you three, you know, trade partners that you should do. Uh you could send this offer should do. Uh you could send this offer should do. Uh you could send this offer out and this would be a good like, you out and this would be a good like, you out and this would be a good like, you know, benefit for them. You know, and know, benefit for them. You know, and know, benefit for them. You know, and this it just sort of decided, like, this it just sort of decided, like, this it just sort of decided, like, here's why it's a good deal for them. here's why it's a good deal for them. here's why it's a good deal for them. But it also said, here's like your But it also said, here's like your But it also said, here's like your walk-away price. Like, if they ask for

[12:47] walk-away price. Like, if they ask for walk-away price. Like, if they ask for this, like, that's too much. Don't do this, like, that's too much. Don't do this, like, that's too much. Don't do it. [laughter] Or like, here's an it. [laughter] Or like, here's an it. [laughter] Or like, here's an alternative offer. Like, if you, you alternative offer. Like, if you, you alternative offer. Like, if you, you know, if they don't like the first know, if they don't like the first know, if they don't like the first suggestion, here's maybe another one suggestion, here's maybe another one suggestion, here's maybe another one that could work, right? So, it's kind of that could work, right? So, it's kind of that could work, right? So, it's kind of helping you with the negotiation part of helping you with the negotiation part of helping you with the negotiation part of the trading. Uh and then it has an the trading. Uh and then it has an the trading. Uh and then it has an injury watch list at the end. Um so, it injury watch list at the end. Um so, it injury watch list at the end. Um so, it took what was like a pretty tedious part took what was like a pretty tedious part took what was like a pretty tedious part of managing the team and made it just of managing the team and made it just of managing the team and made it just something that I can wake up with a, you something that I can wake up with a, you something that I can wake up with a, you know, cup of coffee and then go, you know, cup of coffee and then go, you know, cup of coffee and then go, you know, do my quick changes in like 5 know, do my quick changes in like 5 know, do my quick changes in like 5 minutes I can be on on with my day. minutes I can be on on with my day. minutes I can be on on with my day. Um and so, yeah, it was like a it's just

[13:18] Um and so, yeah, it was like a it's just Um and so, yeah, it was like a it's just like a super handy little workflow like a super handy little workflow like a super handy little workflow um that was a good way to sort of um that was a good way to sort of um that was a good way to sort of demonstrate the capabilities of NextGen demonstrate the capabilities of NextGen demonstrate the capabilities of NextGen Apps. Apps. Apps. &gt;&gt; So, what part of this is probabilistic &gt;&gt; So, what part of this is probabilistic &gt;&gt; So, what part of this is probabilistic and what part of it is hardened and it's and what part of it is hardened and it's and what part of it is hardened and it's deterministic? deterministic? deterministic? &gt;&gt; So, good question. So, in this the &gt;&gt; So, good question. So, in this the &gt;&gt; So, good question. So, in this the fantasy football example, there's a fantasy football example, there's a fantasy football example, there's a couple of things it has to do every couple of things it has to do every couple of things it has to do every week. So, first, it has to fetch my week. So, first, it has to fetch my week. So, first, it has to fetch my roster. And so, it goes and hits the roster. And so, it goes and hits the roster. And so, it goes and hits the Sleeper API and says, "What is Wade's Sleeper API and says, "What is Wade's Sleeper API and says, "What is Wade's current roster that he has?" Cuz it current roster that he has?" Cuz it current roster that he has?" Cuz it doesn't stay static. It's not the same doesn't stay static. It's not the same doesn't stay static. It's not the same roster every week. The second thing it roster every week. The second thing it roster every week. The second thing it has to do is it has to go retrieve all has to do is it has to go retrieve all has to do is it has to go retrieve all of the league's rosters. So, it goes and

[13:49] of the league's rosters. So, it goes and of the league's rosters. So, it goes and fetches every single team's existing fetches every single team's existing fetches every single team's existing roster. The third thing it has to do is roster. The third thing it has to do is roster. The third thing it has to do is it has to go fetch what's going on in it has to go fetch what's going on in it has to go fetch what's going on in the waiver like the waiver wire. So, the waiver like the waiver wire. So, the waiver like the waiver wire. So, like who's who's like who's who's like who's who's currently out there available for currently out there available for currently out there available for pickup. So, basically, it's fetching all pickup. So, basically, it's fetching all pickup. So, basically, it's fetching all these this information, but those are these this information, but those are these this information, but those are all searches that it's doing. It's API all searches that it's doing. It's API all searches that it's doing. It's API calls deterministic every single time. calls deterministic every single time. calls deterministic every single time. Then, once it's got all that Then, once it's got all that Then, once it's got all that information, that's when the managerial information, that's when the managerial information, that's when the managerial task kicks in. So, it says, "Hey, I need task kicks in. So, it says, "Hey, I need task kicks in. So, it says, "Hey, I need to go to go to go decide who should, you know, move from

[14:20] decide who should, you know, move from decide who should, you know, move from the waiver wire to Wade's roster or the waiver wire to Wade's roster or the waiver wire to Wade's roster or not." not." not." &gt;&gt; I see. &gt;&gt; I see. &gt;&gt; I see. &gt;&gt; And so, it has to make a managerial &gt;&gt; And so, it has to make a managerial &gt;&gt; And so, it has to make a managerial decision. It sort of has to assess what decision. It sort of has to assess what decision. It sort of has to assess what is the right thing to do. is the right thing to do. is the right thing to do. Same thing for trading, right? It has to Same thing for trading, right? It has to Same thing for trading, right? It has to look It has to look at those rosters and look It has to look at those rosters and look It has to look at those rosters and find good matches and decide here are find good matches and decide here are find good matches and decide here are trades that I think would be a good trades that I think would be a good trades that I think would be a good option for you. option for you. option for you. And then, once it's done all that And then, once it's done all that And then, once it's done all that analysis, the last agentic thing that it analysis, the last agentic thing that it analysis, the last agentic thing that it has to do is write the report. So, it has to do is write the report. So, it has to do is write the report. So, it writes the report up for me and decides writes the report up for me and decides writes the report up for me and decides what it is to do. Then, it falls back what it is to do. Then, it falls back what it is to do. Then, it falls back into deterministic mode. It says, "Okay, into deterministic mode. It says, "Okay, into deterministic mode. It says, "Okay, I've got to send an email." And Wade has I've got to send an email." And Wade has I've got to send an email." And Wade has specific instructions on how to send

[14:50] specific instructions on how to send specific instructions on how to send that email. And so, you know, the the that email. And so, you know, the the that email. And so, you know, the the email address is this, the subject line email address is this, the subject line email address is this, the subject line is this. They'll stay the same thing is this. They'll stay the same thing is this. They'll stay the same thing same way every single time. I don't need same way every single time. I don't need same way every single time. I don't need you to mess around with it. And then, it you to mess around with it. And then, it you to mess around with it. And then, it plugs the report in as the body of the plugs the report in as the body of the plugs the report in as the body of the email message. So again, all email message. So again, all email message. So again, all deterministic there. deterministic there. deterministic there. So, it knows the places that should be So, it knows the places that should be So, it knows the places that should be hardened and it knows the places that hardened and it knows the places that hardened and it knows the places that require like quote unquote a managerial require like quote unquote a managerial require like quote unquote a managerial decision. And it needs that decision. And it needs that decision. And it needs that probabilistic skill set to be able to probabilistic skill set to be able to probabilistic skill set to be able to make choices. make choices. make choices. &gt;&gt; And if it wasn't deterministic and &gt;&gt; And if it wasn't deterministic and &gt;&gt; And if it wasn't deterministic and hardened as you say it, what kind of hardened as you say it, what kind of hardened as you say it, what kind of stupid mistakes might it make? stupid mistakes might it make? stupid mistakes might it make? &gt;&gt; Well, you know, it like it's possible

[15:22] &gt;&gt; Well, you know, it like it's possible &gt;&gt; Well, you know, it like it's possible that it fetches like the wrong roster or that it fetches like the wrong roster or that it fetches like the wrong roster or like it you know thinks that you know like it you know thinks that you know like it you know thinks that you know another teammates team is my own or not. another teammates team is my own or not. another teammates team is my own or not. Probably the most annoying thing is it Probably the most annoying thing is it Probably the most annoying thing is it you know could mess around with like how you know could mess around with like how you know could mess around with like how it drafts the email. Like I I like the it drafts the email. Like I I like the it drafts the email. Like I I like the way that it drafted. I want it to send way that it drafted. I want it to send way that it drafted. I want it to send me the report the same way every single me the report the same way every single me the report the same way every single time. I do need it to draft it a time. I do need it to draft it a time. I do need it to draft it a particular way, but I don't want it to particular way, but I don't want it to particular way, but I don't want it to like suddenly like you know add new like suddenly like you know add new like suddenly like you know add new content or subtract out content that I content or subtract out content that I content or subtract out content that I didn't ask for I didn't want. So didn't ask for I didn't want. So didn't ask for I didn't want. So you know they're just you know they're just you know they're just The these models are getting better at

[15:53] The these models are getting better at The these models are getting better at following instructions, but you know for following instructions, but you know for following instructions, but you know for things that you want to just be the same things that you want to just be the same things that you want to just be the same every single time, they don't do that. every single time, they don't do that. every single time, they don't do that. And And And I find that very frustrating right now. I find that very frustrating right now. I find that very frustrating right now. Like even in my day-to-day usage there's Like even in my day-to-day usage there's Like even in my day-to-day usage there's tasks where I continually say like hey I tasks where I continually say like hey I tasks where I continually say like hey I told you to do it this way. Like why why told you to do it this way. Like why why told you to do it this way. Like why why are you now doing it a different way? are you now doing it a different way? are you now doing it a different way? And you know I you go in and you tweak And you know I you go in and you tweak And you know I you go in and you tweak your skills files and you try and like your skills files and you try and like your skills files and you try and like you try and give it more guidance, you you try and give it more guidance, you you try and give it more guidance, you try and give it more suggestions, but it try and give it more suggestions, but it try and give it more suggestions, but it keeps it keeps not doing that. And then keeps it keeps not doing that. And then keeps it keeps not doing that. And then there's places where I'm just like well

[16:23] there's places where I'm just like well there's places where I'm just like well shoot, now my solution is I'm just going shoot, now my solution is I'm just going shoot, now my solution is I'm just going to build you know an XGen Zap for this to build you know an XGen Zap for this to build you know an XGen Zap for this because I know that those places it it because I know that those places it it because I know that those places it it does it can't. It is it is hardened to does it can't. It is it is hardened to does it can't. It is it is hardened to run a very particular way and then I run a very particular way and then I run a very particular way and then I leave the probabilistic parts to the leave the probabilistic parts to the leave the probabilistic parts to the place where I really value the place where I really value the place where I really value the creativity of these agents. creativity of these agents. creativity of these agents. &gt;&gt; If people want to sign up and use this, &gt;&gt; If people want to sign up and use this, &gt;&gt; If people want to sign up and use this, where do we use it? How do I even use where do we use it? How do I even use where do we use it? How do I even use it? it? it? &gt;&gt; So you can sign up to check it out at &gt;&gt; So you can sign up to check it out at &gt;&gt; So you can sign up to check it out at zapier.com/rebuild zapier.com/rebuild zapier.com/rebuild and get early access to it. and get early access to it. and get early access to it. &gt;&gt; Rebuild is like the new version of &gt;&gt; Rebuild is like the new version of &gt;&gt; Rebuild is like the new version of Zapier.

[16:53] Zapier. Zapier. &gt;&gt; Yes, you got it. &gt;&gt; Yes, you got it. &gt;&gt; Yes, you got it. &gt;&gt; All right. And if you like that, we've &gt;&gt; All right. And if you like that, we've &gt;&gt; All right. And if you like that, we've got another video that we think you'll got another video that we think you'll got another video that we think you'll see and you'll like. There it is up on see and you'll like. There it is up on see and you'll like. There it is up on the screen. I'll see you in there.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=U6ptUFMyaJg
