# Transcript: New: Agent can do your marketing & close sales

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWnQLASl95U
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 19:37 · Words: 12537
Other available languages: a-fr (fr) [auto], a-de (de) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-pt (pt) [auto], a-es (es) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/uWnQLASl95U.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=uWnQLASl95U

## Transcript
[0:02] Your agents can now get you customers Your agents can now get you customers using the tool I'm about to show you using the tool I'm about to show you using the tool I'm about to show you your agent can figure out what sells and your agent can figure out what sells and your agent can figure out what sells and write that email copy for you. It can write that email copy for you. It can write that email copy for you. It can study your competitors best marketing study your competitors best marketing study your competitors best marketing techniques and steal them for you. It techniques and steal them for you. It techniques and steal them for you. It can create landing pages that grow your can create landing pages that grow your can create landing pages that grow your email list and so much more. The tool is email list and so much more. The tool is email list and so much more. The tool is called Omnisend. It's an email SMS and called Omnisend. It's an email SMS and called Omnisend. It's an email SMS and marketing automation company that went marketing automation company that went marketing automation company that went all in on letting your agent run it. Let all in on letting your agent run it. Let all in on letting your agent run it. Let me show you how it works. So this store me show you how it works. So this store me show you how it works. So this store is selling a bunch of Hawaiian shirts is selling a bunch of Hawaiian shirts is selling a bunch of Hawaiian shirts for men. for men. for men. Uh but for my new line I want to

[0:35] Uh but for my new line I want to Uh but for my new line I want to introduce Hawaiian shirts for women. I introduce Hawaiian shirts for women. I introduce Hawaiian shirts for women. I don't know actually know if that's a don't know actually know if that's a don't know actually know if that's a thing. thing. thing. But I'm going to assume I am the first But I'm going to assume I am the first But I'm going to assume I am the first person in the world who's going to person in the world who's going to person in the world who's going to launch Hawaiian shirts for women. So I launch Hawaiian shirts for women. So I launch Hawaiian shirts for women. So I got a few images from got a few images from got a few images from uh from my good friend ChatGPT. uh from my good friend ChatGPT. uh from my good friend ChatGPT. And what I want to do now is I want to And what I want to do now is I want to And what I want to do now is I want to go and create a new campaign launching go and create a new campaign launching go and create a new campaign launching my new Hawaiian shirts for women. Okay. my new Hawaiian shirts for women. Okay. my new Hawaiian shirts for women. Okay. But since this is But since this is But since this is the age of AI, the age of AI, the age of AI, uh one thing is you can go ahead and you

[1:07] uh one thing is you can go ahead and you uh one thing is you can go ahead and you can manually do this by yourself and can manually do this by yourself and can manually do this by yourself and spend a good amount of time, 30 minutes, spend a good amount of time, 30 minutes, spend a good amount of time, 30 minutes, 40 minutes. 40 minutes. 40 minutes. I don't know how long it would take you I don't know how long it would take you I don't know how long it would take you to create this email from scratch. to create this email from scratch. to create this email from scratch. Uh but what we're going to do is we're Uh but what we're going to do is we're Uh but what we're going to do is we're going to use our good friend Claude. going to use our good friend Claude. going to use our good friend Claude. Um Um Um and as many people probably do, they and as many people probably do, they and as many people probably do, they have their assistant of choice. Some have their assistant of choice. Some have their assistant of choice. Some people have ChatGPT, some people have people have ChatGPT, some people have people have ChatGPT, some people have Claude, some people are doing Rockbot, Claude, some people are doing Rockbot, Claude, some people are doing Rockbot, some people are doing Cursor, some some people are doing Cursor, some some people are doing Cursor, some people are doing people are doing people are doing Dot. Dot. Dot. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Nobody yet. But okay. But basically the

[1:38] &gt;&gt; Nobody yet. But okay. But basically the &gt;&gt; Nobody yet. But okay. But basically the bottom line is it could work with bottom line is it could work with bottom line is it could work with anything including Dot and Muse. anything including Dot and Muse. anything including Dot and Muse. Um Um Um you just connect it into Omnisend. All you just connect it into Omnisend. All you just connect it into Omnisend. All right. And so now once I'm connected in, right. And so now once I'm connected in, right. And so now once I'm connected in, I would type in a prompt like the one I would type in a prompt like the one I would type in a prompt like the one that you put wrote here which is based that you put wrote here which is based that you put wrote here which is based on the best Oh, I love this part. Based on the best Oh, I love this part. Based on the best Oh, I love this part. Based on the best performing email campaigns, on the best performing email campaigns, on the best performing email campaigns, I want you to use Omnisend MCP to create I want you to use Omnisend MCP to create I want you to use Omnisend MCP to create an email campaign for a new line of an email campaign for a new line of an email campaign for a new line of women's Hawaiian shirts, royal hibiscus, women's Hawaiian shirts, royal hibiscus, women's Hawaiian shirts, royal hibiscus, image attached. Got it. Okay, and so I image attached. Got it. Okay, and so I image attached. Got it. Okay, and so I love this because AI is so much better love this because AI is so much better love this because AI is so much better at analyzing past performance and then at analyzing past performance and then at analyzing past performance and then creating something that worked before.

[2:09] creating something that worked before. creating something that worked before. Even if you don't use it, at least Even if you don't use it, at least Even if you don't use it, at least you've got something strong to bounce you've got something strong to bounce you've got something strong to bounce ideas against. Okay, and so now you did ideas against. Okay, and so now you did ideas against. Okay, and so now you did this before because it took what? 2 this before because it took what? 2 this before because it took what? 2 minutes, I think, to run and I don't minutes, I think, to run and I don't minutes, I think, to run and I don't want to sit here and wait 2 minutes. want to sit here and wait 2 minutes. want to sit here and wait 2 minutes. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So yeah, it took 2 and 1/2 minutes and &gt;&gt; So yeah, it took 2 and 1/2 minutes and &gt;&gt; So yeah, it took 2 and 1/2 minutes and then finally it synthesized all that then finally it synthesized all that then finally it synthesized all that information, looked at my best information, looked at my best information, looked at my best performing campaigns, decided this is performing campaigns, decided this is performing campaigns, decided this is the best one to use. I'm going to the best one to use. I'm going to the best one to use. I'm going to duplicate the template and then I'm duplicate the template and then I'm duplicate the template and then I'm going to add in all the details. And going to add in all the details. And going to add in all the details. And then it created the draft for me again. then it created the draft for me again. then it created the draft for me again. So all the copy, all the design is done So all the copy, all the design is done So all the copy, all the design is done by by by Claude in about 2 and 1/2 minutes, Claude in about 2 and 1/2 minutes, Claude in about 2 and 1/2 minutes, right? So here are some of the

[2:39] right? So here are some of the right? So here are some of the uh details that it decided would be the uh details that it decided would be the uh details that it decided would be the best one. best one. best one. Now, it worked out pretty well except we Now, it worked out pretty well except we Now, it worked out pretty well except we made one little mistake. We tried to made one little mistake. We tried to made one little mistake. We tried to upload an image through Claude and this upload an image through Claude and this upload an image through Claude and this one didn't work out. So we had to upload one didn't work out. So we had to upload one didn't work out. So we had to upload the the the &gt;&gt; Claude couldn't take the image in &gt;&gt; Claude couldn't take the image in &gt;&gt; Claude couldn't take the image in properly, so then we uploaded it. Uh properly, so then we uploaded it. Uh properly, so then we uploaded it. Uh &gt;&gt; So I uploaded it. &gt;&gt; So I uploaded it. &gt;&gt; So I uploaded it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh but gave it the the the the link to &gt;&gt; Uh but gave it the the the the link to &gt;&gt; Uh but gave it the the the the link to the online file of the online file of the online file of uh version of the image and then it went uh version of the image and then it went uh version of the image and then it went ahead and updated the email. And I am ahead and updated the email. And I am ahead and updated the email. And I am going to show you now

[3:09] going to show you now going to show you now what that looks like. what that looks like. what that looks like. All right. So this is the final version. All right. So this is the final version. All right. So this is the final version. Okay, so this is based on my Hawaiian Okay, so this is based on my Hawaiian Okay, so this is based on my Hawaiian shirts stores um shirts stores um shirts stores um brand assets, right? The normal design brand assets, right? The normal design brand assets, right? The normal design file. file. file. Uh so here's a new arrival. Uh Uh so here's a new arrival. Uh Uh so here's a new arrival. Uh this is the new shirt. Uh this is the new shirt. Uh this is the new shirt. Uh Claude created the copy, little button Claude created the copy, little button Claude created the copy, little button that leads to the new that leads to the new that leads to the new um um um product page product page product page and then a bunch of uh you know, other and then a bunch of uh you know, other and then a bunch of uh you know, other stuff that I I usually talk about in my stuff that I I usually talk about in my stuff that I I usually talk about in my brand. brand. brand. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And we should say we couldn't we didn't

[3:40] &gt;&gt; And we should say we couldn't we didn't &gt;&gt; And we should say we couldn't we didn't want to start poking around real sites want to start poking around real sites want to start poking around real sites of your real customers to mess around of your real customers to mess around of your real customers to mess around the way we're doing now. If this was a the way we're doing now. If this was a the way we're doing now. If this was a real actual site instead of a demo site real actual site instead of a demo site real actual site instead of a demo site that we are using just for this, it that we are using just for this, it that we are using just for this, it would literally analyze past customer would literally analyze past customer would literally analyze past customer decisions, see what's gotten not just decisions, see what's gotten not just decisions, see what's gotten not just clicks, but also gotten orders, and then clicks, but also gotten orders, and then clicks, but also gotten orders, and then mimic that style and create something mimic that style and create something mimic that style and create something that fits. Here we've got a demo store, that fits. Here we've got a demo store, that fits. Here we've got a demo store, so it's using the demo results that we so it's using the demo results that we so it's using the demo results that we had before. Still get a sense. The big had before. Still get a sense. The big had before. Still get a sense. The big idea is now AI is controlling your idea is now AI is controlling your idea is now AI is controlling your marketing based on past understanding, marketing based on past understanding, marketing based on past understanding, and as we'll see soon, also based on and as we'll see soon, also based on and as we'll see soon, also based on what the competitive analysis is doing

[4:11] what the competitive analysis is doing what the competitive analysis is doing to improve your results. to improve your results. to improve your results. There's another thing that you're There's another thing that you're There's another thing that you're saying. Once you get to a certain level saying. Once you get to a certain level saying. Once you get to a certain level with an email list, you you told me, with an email list, you you told me, with an email list, you you told me, Andrew, don't email them. What's the Andrew, don't email them. What's the Andrew, don't email them. What's the level and why shouldn't I email them? level and why shouldn't I email them? level and why shouldn't I email them? &gt;&gt; If you're getting to a few thousand, &gt;&gt; If you're getting to a few thousand, &gt;&gt; If you're getting to a few thousand, let's say 3,000, 4,000 subscribers, let's say 3,000, 4,000 subscribers, let's say 3,000, 4,000 subscribers, contacts in your email account, contacts in your email account, contacts in your email account, you don't want to do the thing that many you don't want to do the thing that many you don't want to do the thing that many people do is that they just blast the people do is that they just blast the people do is that they just blast the same email to every single subscriber same email to every single subscriber same email to every single subscriber that they have. You're getting to the that they have. You're getting to the that they have. You're getting to the point where you are giving messages to point where you are giving messages to point where you are giving messages to people who may not really want that, people who may not really want that, people who may not really want that, right? So, the the the number one thing

[4:41] right? So, the the the number one thing right? So, the the the number one thing you need to do that time you need to do that time you need to do that time is you need to create segments, okay? is you need to create segments, okay? is you need to create segments, okay? So, So, So, uh a lot of people, generally they uh a lot of people, generally they uh a lot of people, generally they understand that they need to create a understand that they need to create a understand that they need to create a segment, right? They need to go into segment, right? They need to go into segment, right? They need to go into their audience and then create a their audience and then create a their audience and then create a segment. The problem that they normally segment. The problem that they normally segment. The problem that they normally have is that to create a segment, it's a have is that to create a segment, it's a have is that to create a segment, it's a pretty rule-based kind of thing. pretty rule-based kind of thing. pretty rule-based kind of thing. Um and the way that they normally look, Um and the way that they normally look, Um and the way that they normally look, let's take a look here. let's take a look here. let's take a look here. You have this sort of You have this sort of You have this sort of let's say you're not very technical, but let's say you're not very technical, but let's say you're not very technical, but it's kind of slightly technical, either

[5:11] it's kind of slightly technical, either it's kind of slightly technical, either this or that and this and all that kind this or that and this and all that kind this or that and this and all that kind of stuff. They look at this and they of stuff. They look at this and they of stuff. They look at this and they say, uh say, uh say, uh I will get back to this at some point. I will get back to this at some point. I will get back to this at some point. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's like I hate doing this. And you &gt;&gt; It's like I hate doing this. And you &gt;&gt; It's like I hate doing this. And you know what? And I know exactly the kind know what? And I know exactly the kind know what? And I know exactly the kind of segmentation that I usually need to of segmentation that I usually need to of segmentation that I usually need to make. It's something like, okay, if make. It's something like, okay, if make. It's something like, okay, if people joined using my GitHub uh videos, people joined using my GitHub uh videos, people joined using my GitHub uh videos, then they probably want more GitHub then they probably want more GitHub then they probably want more GitHub stuff. If they joined after watching a stuff. If they joined after watching a stuff. If they joined after watching a video like this with product, next time video like this with product, next time video like this with product, next time I do a product video, I should tell them I do a product video, I should tell them I do a product video, I should tell them about it. And I still don't go in and do about it. And I still don't go in and do about it. And I still don't go in and do it, and it's because of this thing. I

[5:41] it, and it's because of this thing. I it, and it's because of this thing. I have to remember how I found the have to remember how I found the have to remember how I found the segment, what it is. I have to come up segment, what it is. I have to come up segment, what it is. I have to come up with my own ideas. Okay, so this is a with my own ideas. Okay, so this is a with my own ideas. Okay, so this is a blocker, and it's on your own software blocker, and it's on your own software blocker, and it's on your own software and you're still saying it's a blocker. and you're still saying it's a blocker. and you're still saying it's a blocker. Show me how Claude can do this better. Show me how Claude can do this better. Show me how Claude can do this better. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we'll go back to our friend &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we'll go back to our friend &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we'll go back to our friend Claude. Um and here we going to let's Claude. Um and here we going to let's Claude. Um and here we going to let's create a new chat and say um create a new chat and say um create a new chat and say um in my Omnisend well well account, I want you to create account, I want you to create account, I want you to create a segment a segment a segment for the

[6:13] for the for the let's say subscribers in the past 30 let's say subscribers in the past 30 let's say subscribers in the past 30 days that have not bought anything from days that have not bought anything from days that have not bought anything from me yet. me yet. me yet. All right, so I want to specifically uh All right, so I want to specifically uh All right, so I want to specifically uh email those people cuz I want to send email those people cuz I want to send email those people cuz I want to send them a special message that I don't want them a special message that I don't want them a special message that I don't want to send to anyone who's already bought to send to anyone who's already bought to send to anyone who's already bought something from me. Maybe a discount. something from me. Maybe a discount. something from me. Maybe a discount. Um and then we'll let Claude run. Um and then we'll let Claude run. Um and then we'll let Claude run. It should take about 30-40 seconds. It should take about 30-40 seconds. It should take about 30-40 seconds. Um Um Um and then it's going to create it uh that and then it's going to create it uh that and then it's going to create it uh that segment for you. segment for you. segment for you. Okay? It should be Okay? It should be Okay? It should be &gt;&gt; What kind of &gt;&gt; What kind of &gt;&gt; What kind of &gt;&gt; Hm? &gt;&gt; Hm? &gt;&gt; Hm? &gt;&gt; Can Can I now use Claude as a thought

[6:44] &gt;&gt; Can Can I now use Claude as a thought &gt;&gt; Can Can I now use Claude as a thought partner on this and say I have a new partner on this and say I have a new partner on this and say I have a new product, a Hawaiian shirt, what kind of product, a Hawaiian shirt, what kind of product, a Hawaiian shirt, what kind of segment should I create? And it will go segment should I create? And it will go segment should I create? And it will go back and forth based on data. back and forth based on data. back and forth based on data. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, so this one was pretty fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, so this one was pretty fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, so this one was pretty fast. So, that's actually the way that normal So, that's actually the way that normal So, that's actually the way that normal like normally you would use it. You like normally you would use it. You like normally you would use it. You would have this kind of long thread as would have this kind of long thread as would have this kind of long thread as most people do and then they have like most people do and then they have like most people do and then they have like all the information in there and they're all the information in there and they're all the information in there and they're going back and forth with the Claude. going back and forth with the Claude. going back and forth with the Claude. Claude, tell me how did my campaigns Claude, tell me how did my campaigns Claude, tell me how did my campaigns perform in the last X days? It tells it perform in the last X days? It tells it perform in the last X days? It tells it and then it says, "Okay, what should I and then it says, "Okay, what should I and then it says, "Okay, what should I do next?" You should do X Y Z. And then do next?" You should do X Y Z. And then do next?" You should do X Y Z. And then you should probably do the segment and you should probably do the segment and you should probably do the segment and then you say, "Okay, can you do it for then you say, "Okay, can you do it for then you say, "Okay, can you do it for me?" Then Claude will do it for you. me?" Then Claude will do it for you. me?" Then Claude will do it for you. It's like a It's like a conversation

[7:15] It's like a It's like a conversation It's like a It's like a conversation that you have. that you have. that you have. Uh and we're just kind of showing you Uh and we're just kind of showing you Uh and we're just kind of showing you the capabilities based on on on like a the capabilities based on on on like a the capabilities based on on on like a single chat right now. single chat right now. single chat right now. Um so here Claude has created this new Um so here Claude has created this new Um so here Claude has created this new segment pretty quickly. segment pretty quickly. segment pretty quickly. Uh new subscribers last 30 days and they Uh new subscribers last 30 days and they Uh new subscribers last 30 days and they haven't bought yet. We can click on that haven't bought yet. We can click on that haven't bought yet. We can click on that and yeah, there you go. and yeah, there you go. and yeah, there you go. Pretty straightforward. So, I think that So, I think that there is another way uh especially in there is another way uh especially in there is another way uh especially in Omnisend. If you are

[7:45] Omnisend. If you are Omnisend. If you are Okay, let's say less familiar with Okay, let's say less familiar with Okay, let's say less familiar with Claude or ChatGPT, but you still want to Claude or ChatGPT, but you still want to Claude or ChatGPT, but you still want to do have the same capabilities. Uh, we do have the same capabilities. Uh, we do have the same capabilities. Uh, we also have AI features within Omnisend also have AI features within Omnisend also have AI features within Omnisend that help you do this. that help you do this. that help you do this. &gt;&gt; And you know what? And ordinarily what I &gt;&gt; And you know what? And ordinarily what I &gt;&gt; And you know what? And ordinarily what I would say at this point is if you want would say at this point is if you want would say at this point is if you want to save to to save to to save to if you want to save tokens, but this if you want to save tokens, but this if you want to save tokens, but this really is not something that's going to really is not something that's going to really is not something that's going to burn up a lot of tokens in Claude. It's burn up a lot of tokens in Claude. It's burn up a lot of tokens in Claude. It's mostly from what you and I have done mostly from what you and I have done mostly from what you and I have done when we've used this before the when we've used this before the when we've used this before the recording. It's it's speed. Going into recording. It's it's speed. Going into recording. It's it's speed. Going into your own internal AI is a more direct your own internal AI is a more direct your own internal AI is a more direct connection and it's faster. Everything connection and it's faster. Everything connection and it's faster. Everything that you do internally you could do with

[8:16] that you do internally you could do with that you do internally you could do with the with the the MCP. the with the the MCP. the with the the MCP. But this is faster. Let's see what it But this is faster. Let's see what it But this is faster. Let's see what it looks like if I use your AI. looks like if I use your AI. looks like if I use your AI. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so let's just say anything. You &gt;&gt; Yeah, so let's just say anything. You &gt;&gt; Yeah, so let's just say anything. You can even go a little bit crazy. Customer can even go a little bit crazy. Customer can even go a little bit crazy. Customer not customer subscribers not customer subscribers not customer subscribers uh, who uh, who uh, who in the past 60 days have not have opened in the past 60 days have not have opened in the past 60 days have not have opened my emails at least twice. my emails at least twice. my emails at least twice. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; But have not bought anything yet. &gt;&gt; But have not bought anything yet. &gt;&gt; But have not bought anything yet. &gt;&gt; I don't know why every email provider &gt;&gt; I don't know why every email provider &gt;&gt; I don't know why every email provider doesn't do this yet. It is such a basic

[8:46] doesn't do this yet. It is such a basic doesn't do this yet. It is such a basic thing to include thing to include thing to include and they just don't. I think they're so and they just don't. I think they're so and they just don't. I think they're so married to the old way of I've got a married to the old way of I've got a married to the old way of I've got a process, I've got pages, I've got people process, I've got pages, I've got people process, I've got pages, I've got people coming there and I I I don't know why coming there and I I I don't know why coming there and I I I don't know why they're not adding it and breaking it they're not adding it and breaking it they're not adding it and breaking it and going to this. Okay, so this is what and going to this. Okay, so this is what and going to this. Okay, so this is what it has and it's saying, "Okay, here's it has and it's saying, "Okay, here's it has and it's saying, "Okay, here's what I would create and you continue it what I would create and you continue it what I would create and you continue it in builder." in builder." in builder." &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is like a little preview. You &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is like a little preview. You &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is like a little preview. You continue in builder. You say, you know, continue in builder. You say, you know, continue in builder. You say, you know, "Looks good." "Looks good." "Looks good." &gt;&gt; And there it is. &gt;&gt; And there it is. &gt;&gt; And there it is. &gt;&gt; I'm going to save the segment and I will &gt;&gt; I'm going to save the segment and I will &gt;&gt; I'm going to save the segment and I will probably change the name a little bit, probably change the name a little bit, probably change the name a little bit, but essentially this is your new segment but essentially this is your new segment but essentially this is your new segment and now I have excellent people there. and now I have excellent people there.

[9:16] and now I have excellent people there. Right? And before, I mean, if you can Right? And before, I mean, if you can Right? And before, I mean, if you can imagine how long it would take for you imagine how long it would take for you imagine how long it would take for you to to figure out how to do this, you to to figure out how to do this, you to to figure out how to do this, you would say, "You know what? would say, "You know what? would say, "You know what? Let me not even bother." Let me not even bother." Let me not even bother." It's a little bit too much. It's a little bit too much. It's a little bit too much. &gt;&gt; right. And and Claude actually didn't &gt;&gt; right. And and Claude actually didn't &gt;&gt; right. And and Claude actually didn't take a long time. It was like 30 take a long time. It was like 30 take a long time. It was like 30 seconds, but this is less than 5 seconds, but this is less than 5 seconds, but this is less than 5 seconds, I think, to do this. All right. seconds, I think, to do this. All right. seconds, I think, to do this. All right. We mentioned I want to come back and We mentioned I want to come back and We mentioned I want to come back and look inside Omnisend look inside Omnisend look inside Omnisend Omnisend's website specifically, but Omnisend's website specifically, but Omnisend's website specifically, but let's look at that competitive analysis let's look at that competitive analysis let's look at that competitive analysis thing that I mentioned. How can I thing that I mentioned. How can I thing that I mentioned. How can I do competitive analysis in Claude? Bring do competitive analysis in Claude? Bring do competitive analysis in Claude? Bring up Claude when you get a chance. up Claude when you get a chance. up Claude when you get a chance. &gt;&gt; Uh so, here we have uh an interesting

[9:46] &gt;&gt; Uh so, here we have uh an interesting &gt;&gt; Uh so, here we have uh an interesting one that we've done before, which is one that we've done before, which is one that we've done before, which is Let's imagine that you are watching your Let's imagine that you are watching your Let's imagine that you are watching your competitors and you kind of you're competitors and you kind of you're competitors and you kind of you're beginning to see a similar pattern that beginning to see a similar pattern that beginning to see a similar pattern that they're doing that you like their emails they're doing that you like their emails they're doing that you like their emails and you want to duplicate that. and you want to duplicate that. and you want to duplicate that. So, you can actually ask Claude to first So, you can actually ask Claude to first So, you can actually ask Claude to first connect it to of course Omnisend and connect it to of course Omnisend and connect it to of course Omnisend and then connect it to to to your Gmail then connect it to to to your Gmail then connect it to to to your Gmail account and then you have this kind of account and then you have this kind of account and then you have this kind of In my Gmail, I just In my Gmail, I just In my Gmail, I just put a label competitor emails on all put a label competitor emails on all put a label competitor emails on all these emails and then I ask Claude to these emails and then I ask Claude to these emails and then I ask Claude to review all of them and I want Claude to review all of them and I want Claude to review all of them and I want Claude to identify patterns in subject lines, identify patterns in subject lines, identify patterns in subject lines, tone, structure, CTAs, and then I want

[10:17] tone, structure, CTAs, and then I want tone, structure, CTAs, and then I want visual anatomy of what in general the visual anatomy of what in general the visual anatomy of what in general the aggregate of those emails looks like and aggregate of those emails looks like and aggregate of those emails looks like and then based on all of that analysis, I then based on all of that analysis, I then based on all of that analysis, I want Claude to write me a concise style want Claude to write me a concise style want Claude to write me a concise style guide that I can then use to create my guide that I can then use to create my guide that I can then use to create my own announcement email for a new line own announcement email for a new line own announcement email for a new line like this Hawaiian women shirt. Uh so, like this Hawaiian women shirt. Uh so, like this Hawaiian women shirt. Uh so, the first thing that Claude did, as you the first thing that Claude did, as you the first thing that Claude did, as you can see here, it it gave me a pretty can see here, it it gave me a pretty can see here, it it gave me a pretty good breakdown, visual breakdown of what good breakdown, visual breakdown of what good breakdown, visual breakdown of what it thinks it thinks it thinks uh based on analysis, this is what uh based on analysis, this is what uh based on analysis, this is what generally the competitor emails have in generally the competitor emails have in generally the competitor emails have in common. Um and then it created for me a

[10:48] common. Um and then it created for me a common. Um and then it created for me a this artifact um that gives me pretty this artifact um that gives me pretty this artifact um that gives me pretty much a style guide that I should follow much a style guide that I should follow much a style guide that I should follow every single time I launch I want to uh every single time I launch I want to uh every single time I launch I want to uh write an email even with the little, you write an email even with the little, you write an email even with the little, you know, check boxes here at the bottom know, check boxes here at the bottom know, check boxes here at the bottom that I can that I can that I can &gt;&gt; Subject is is three to seven words, &gt;&gt; Subject is is three to seven words, &gt;&gt; Subject is is three to seven words, preheader is set, padded, and adds new preheader is set, padded, and adds new preheader is set, padded, and adds new information, drop date, meaning like information, drop date, meaning like information, drop date, meaning like when it's launching, the time, the time when it's launching, the time, the time when it's launching, the time, the time zone, etc. The headline is live text, zone, etc. The headline is live text, zone, etc. The headline is live text, not inside of a hero image. Oh, not inside of a hero image. Oh, not inside of a hero image. Oh, interesting. So, it analyzed what's what interesting. So, it analyzed what's what interesting. So, it analyzed what's what others are doing, and now what do I do others are doing, and now what do I do others are doing, and now what do I do with this? How do I How do I use it?

[11:19] with this? How do I How do I use it? with this? How do I How do I use it? &gt;&gt; So, this is where I mentioned. Usually, &gt;&gt; So, this is where I mentioned. Usually, &gt;&gt; So, this is where I mentioned. Usually, what you're doing is you're not giving what you're doing is you're not giving what you're doing is you're not giving it one command and then leaving. You're it one command and then leaving. You're it one command and then leaving. You're having this conversation. So, I said, having this conversation. So, I said, having this conversation. So, I said, "Okay, great. You gave me all that "Okay, great. You gave me all that "Okay, great. You gave me all that information. Now, um information. Now, um information. Now, um that's great. that's great. that's great. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Let's create a brand new email campaign &gt;&gt; Let's create a brand new email campaign &gt;&gt; Let's create a brand new email campaign uh draft an email for this launch. uh draft an email for this launch. uh draft an email for this launch. All right. So, I want it to take all All right. So, I want it to take all All right. So, I want it to take all this information and then go ahead and this information and then go ahead and this information and then go ahead and create me a new email create me a new email create me a new email campaign. campaign. campaign. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then it did and it goes and &gt;&gt; Okay. And then it did and it goes and &gt;&gt; Okay. And then it did and it goes and creates an email based on what others creates an email based on what others creates an email based on what others are doing. are doing. are doing. &gt;&gt; Based on that one. So, you can test it &gt;&gt; Based on that one. So, you can test it &gt;&gt; Based on that one. So, you can test it out. Even if you don't really plan on

[11:49] out. Even if you don't really plan on out. Even if you don't really plan on sending it, here is that email draft. sending it, here is that email draft. sending it, here is that email draft. You just want to see, okay, if I You just want to see, okay, if I You just want to see, okay, if I followed my competitor's style, what followed my competitor's style, what followed my competitor's style, what would my emails look like? Is this would my emails look like? Is this would my emails look like? Is this better or worse? Um better or worse? Um better or worse? Um And then you have the same structure And then you have the same structure And then you have the same structure that was mentioned there, right? This that was mentioned there, right? This that was mentioned there, right? This little hero image, this thing here, a little hero image, this thing here, a little hero image, this thing here, a few images of the products, and then the few images of the products, and then the few images of the products, and then the social proof that it mentioned, and then social proof that it mentioned, and then social proof that it mentioned, and then the footer. the footer. the footer. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so you can do a a vast amount of &gt;&gt; Yeah, so you can do a a vast amount of &gt;&gt; Yeah, so you can do a a vast amount of interesting things. And again, all of interesting things. And again, all of interesting things. And again, all of this took like a few minutes for the this took like a few minutes for the this took like a few minutes for the analysis and then 1 or 2 minutes to analysis and then 1 or 2 minutes to analysis and then 1 or 2 minutes to create the email campaign. So, within create the email campaign. So, within create the email campaign. So, within like 7 minutes, you already have

[12:20] like 7 minutes, you already have like 7 minutes, you already have something new that you can you can you something new that you can you can you something new that you can you can you can experiment with. can experiment with. can experiment with. &gt;&gt; I love that. You know what? I do have &gt;&gt; I love that. You know what? I do have &gt;&gt; I love that. You know what? I do have Claude in my email and I forgot that Claude in my email and I forgot that Claude in my email and I forgot that it's in my email and yesterday it said, it's in my email and yesterday it said, it's in my email and yesterday it said, "You know what, Andrew? You just asked "You know what, Andrew? You just asked "You know what, Andrew? You just asked me and what's in your email, here's what me and what's in your email, here's what me and what's in your email, here's what I think you should do." I go, "Wait. I I think you should do." I go, "Wait. I I think you should do." I go, "Wait. I love that you have that, but that's love that you have that, but that's love that you have that, but that's that's creepy. I didn't know that you that's creepy. I didn't know that you that's creepy. I didn't know that you had that." All right. So, what I would had that." All right. So, what I would had that." All right. So, what I would do for now is do for now is do for now is have uh an inbox full of messages from have uh an inbox full of messages from have uh an inbox full of messages from people whose businesses I follow, who's people whose businesses I follow, who's people whose businesses I follow, who's similar to what I do, tell tell Claude, similar to what I do, tell tell Claude, similar to what I do, tell tell Claude, tell Grokbot, whatever agent, go and tell Grokbot, whatever agent, go and

[12:50] tell Grokbot, whatever agent, go and study that. Now go and create a similar study that. Now go and create a similar study that. Now go and create a similar campaign for me and let's see what that campaign for me and let's see what that campaign for me and let's see what that looks like. Okay, let's look internally looks like. Okay, let's look internally looks like. Okay, let's look internally inside uh inside Omnisend. What else is inside uh inside Omnisend. What else is inside uh inside Omnisend. What else is in there that I need to be aware of? in there that I need to be aware of? in there that I need to be aware of? &gt;&gt; Uh we have a lot of amazing things that &gt;&gt; Uh we have a lot of amazing things that &gt;&gt; Uh we have a lot of amazing things that we are constantly launching. So, another we are constantly launching. So, another we are constantly launching. So, another one is just one is just one is just &gt;&gt; Yeah, forms, right? So, anyone who has a &gt;&gt; Yeah, forms, right? So, anyone who has a &gt;&gt; Yeah, forms, right? So, anyone who has a store at any point, they need to always store at any point, they need to always store at any point, they need to always create create create for uh for uh for uh sign-up forms or pop-ups or landing sign-up forms or pop-ups or landing sign-up forms or pop-ups or landing pages because your number one goal is to pages because your number one goal is to pages because your number one goal is to collect more subscribers. Okay? Again, collect more subscribers. Okay? Again, collect more subscribers. Okay? Again, this is one of those things where it's a

[13:20] this is one of those things where it's a this is one of those things where it's a little bit of friction because people little bit of friction because people little bit of friction because people are trying to figure out, okay, how do I are trying to figure out, okay, how do I are trying to figure out, okay, how do I need to create a sign-up form? It's a need to create a sign-up form? It's a need to create a sign-up form? It's a little complicated. I don't know how to little complicated. I don't know how to little complicated. I don't know how to do it do it do it Let me do that later and then they Let me do that later and then they Let me do that later and then they sometimes is they just don't get to it. sometimes is they just don't get to it. sometimes is they just don't get to it. So, we helped people create these pop-up So, we helped people create these pop-up So, we helped people create these pop-up forms for different purposes by using AI forms for different purposes by using AI forms for different purposes by using AI of course. of course. of course. So, let's just say you want to launch a So, let's just say you want to launch a So, let's just say you want to launch a discount offer, right? You just click on discount offer, right? You just click on discount offer, right? You just click on one of these buttons. Um one of these buttons. Um one of these buttons. Um It gives you a nice proper It gives you a nice proper It gives you a nice proper prompt for me. prompt for me. prompt for me. &gt;&gt; Okay, and then I could go and edit the

[13:50] &gt;&gt; Okay, and then I could go and edit the &gt;&gt; Okay, and then I could go and edit the prompt to to do what I want. prompt to to do what I want. prompt to to do what I want. &gt;&gt; can edit the prompt. &gt;&gt; can edit the prompt. &gt;&gt; can edit the prompt. Make sure it Make sure it Make sure it it it works for you for your store for it it works for you for your store for it it works for you for your store for what you want it to do. what you want it to do. what you want it to do. And then the AI will go ahead and And then the AI will go ahead and And then the AI will go ahead and understand your prompt and then begin to understand your prompt and then begin to understand your prompt and then begin to um um um to begin to create the the the the to begin to create the the the the to begin to create the the the the pop-up. pop-up. pop-up. So, maybe we take Yeah. So, maybe we take Yeah. So, maybe we take Yeah. You're going into this flow You're going into this flow You're going into this flow and then you just have to wait. And then and then you just have to wait. And then and then you just have to wait. And then I think eventually within I think eventually within I think eventually within two or three minutes you will get a two or three minutes you will get a two or three minutes you will get a pop-up form that you can edit, review,

[14:20] pop-up form that you can edit, review, pop-up form that you can edit, review, or enable. or enable. or enable. &gt;&gt; You know, one of the things that I love &gt;&gt; You know, one of the things that I love &gt;&gt; You know, one of the things that I love about our first conversation was you about our first conversation was you about our first conversation was you said, "Andrew, I think no one should use said, "Andrew, I think no one should use said, "Andrew, I think no one should use our site. No one should come to it. No our site. No one should come to it. No our site. No one should come to it. No one should go to any site in the future. one should go to any site in the future. one should go to any site in the future. It should just be integrated in." And It should just be integrated in." And It should just be integrated in." And &gt;&gt; This is my revolutionary like I I know &gt;&gt; This is my revolutionary like I I know &gt;&gt; This is my revolutionary like I I know that you know, that you know, that you know, product people we love to have people product people we love to have people product people we love to have people spend time in our product, but really we spend time in our product, but really we spend time in our product, but really we have merchants who really really just have merchants who really really just have merchants who really really just want to get the job done. They want to want to get the job done. They want to want to get the job done. They want to make the sales. They want to go back to make the sales. They want to go back to make the sales. They want to go back to the other parts of the business. We have the other parts of the business. We have the other parts of the business. We have to understand that we're not the center

[14:50] to understand that we're not the center to understand that we're not the center of the universe and we just want people of the universe and we just want people of the universe and we just want people to get things done as quickly as to get things done as quickly as to get things done as quickly as possible. possible. possible. All right. So, this is one of the things All right. So, this is one of the things All right. So, this is one of the things that we have. that we have. that we have. &gt;&gt; Okay, I don't like this. &gt;&gt; Okay, I don't like this. &gt;&gt; Okay, I don't like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you don't like this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you don't like this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you don't like this one. &gt;&gt; that there's an edit in the form build. &gt;&gt; that there's an edit in the form build. &gt;&gt; that there's an edit in the form build. Oh. Oh, okay. I see. Oh. Oh, okay. I see. Oh. Oh, okay. I see. &gt;&gt; giving you two or three options. &gt;&gt; giving you two or three options. &gt;&gt; giving you two or three options. You don't like this one because yeah, You don't like this one because yeah, You don't like this one because yeah, look at this. look at this. look at this. &gt;&gt; Because it didn't come through and I and &gt;&gt; Because it didn't come through and I and &gt;&gt; Because it didn't come through and I and I was saying, "Okay, I could edit in the I was saying, "Okay, I could edit in the I was saying, "Okay, I could edit in the form builder." But I like what you did form builder." But I like what you did form builder." But I like what you did instead. Switched over to another one instead. Switched over to another one instead. Switched over to another one and I think I would work with that and and I think I would work with that and and I think I would work with that and then edit that in the form builder. then edit that in the form builder. then edit that in the form builder. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so I was like, "Yeah, this one is &gt;&gt; Yeah, so I was like, "Yeah, this one is &gt;&gt; Yeah, so I was like, "Yeah, this one is very close." Let's can the form builder,

[15:21] very close." Let's can the form builder, very close." Let's can the form builder, edit it there, add one or two items, and edit it there, add one or two items, and edit it there, add one or two items, and then we can launch it. then we can launch it. then we can launch it. &gt;&gt; I like that a lot. Yeah, you know what? &gt;&gt; I like that a lot. Yeah, you know what? &gt;&gt; I like that a lot. Yeah, you know what? I know that it's faster to be inside on I know that it's faster to be inside on I know that it's faster to be inside on this end, this end, this end, but I still think I would use my agent. but I still think I would use my agent. but I still think I would use my agent. I You know what I would do? I would take I You know what I would do? I would take I You know what I would do? I would take a screenshot of an of a pop-up ad or of a screenshot of an of a pop-up ad or of a screenshot of an of a pop-up ad or of a landing page that somebody else had. I a landing page that somebody else had. I a landing page that somebody else had. I would give it to Claude. I'd say, "Let's would give it to Claude. I'd say, "Let's would give it to Claude. I'd say, "Let's talk about what what I like about this." talk about what what I like about this." talk about what what I like about this." And then I would say, "Okay, now use the And then I would say, "Okay, now use the And then I would say, "Okay, now use the Omnisend MCP and create my version of Omnisend MCP and create my version of Omnisend MCP and create my version of this with what I told you I like and this with what I told you I like and this with what I told you I like and what I said I don't like. Okay, let's do

[15:51] what I said I don't like. Okay, let's do what I said I don't like. Okay, let's do just a quick rundown of what else is in just a quick rundown of what else is in just a quick rundown of what else is in Omnisend, and we'll give people a link Omnisend, and we'll give people a link Omnisend, and we'll give people a link below so they can go and sign up if they below so they can go and sign up if they below so they can go and sign up if they want to go try it." want to go try it." want to go try it." &gt;&gt; Definitely. So, you know, one of the &gt;&gt; Definitely. So, you know, one of the &gt;&gt; Definitely. So, you know, one of the most important things is just for people most important things is just for people most important things is just for people to understand to understand to understand what is happening with their stores. what is happening with their stores. what is happening with their stores. They need to understand how these stores They need to understand how these stores They need to understand how these stores are performing, and then based on that, are performing, and then based on that, are performing, and then based on that, okay, all the insights, what do I do okay, all the insights, what do I do okay, all the insights, what do I do with those insights? I want to apply with those insights? I want to apply with those insights? I want to apply that to the next part of my campaigns. that to the next part of my campaigns. that to the next part of my campaigns. Okay, how did my last month go? Okay, Okay, how did my last month go? Okay, Okay, how did my last month go? Okay, whatever the good things are that whatever the good things are that whatever the good things are that worked, I want to duplicate that worked, I want to duplicate that worked, I want to duplicate that duplicate that

[16:21] duplicate that duplicate that and apply that to my next month. and apply that to my next month. and apply that to my next month. So, here you can go and just say, "Okay, So, here you can go and just say, "Okay, So, here you can go and just say, "Okay, which channel drove most revenue right which channel drove most revenue right which channel drove most revenue right now? I want to group the now? I want to group the now? I want to group the the data by day orders were placed." the data by day orders were placed." the data by day orders were placed." And then it's going to give you this And then it's going to give you this And then it's going to give you this analysis assessment. And then what you analysis assessment. And then what you analysis assessment. And then what you can do is within can do is within can do is within a few weeks, I can say this, we're going a few weeks, I can say this, we're going a few weeks, I can say this, we're going to bring the capability into Omnisend as to bring the capability into Omnisend as to bring the capability into Omnisend as well where you are able to not just read well where you are able to not just read well where you are able to not just read or I mean to get insights about your or I mean to get insights about your or I mean to get insights about your report, but you're also going to be able report, but you're also going to be able report, but you're also going to be able to act the same way that you can do in

[16:52] to act the same way that you can do in to act the same way that you can do in Claude or ChatGPT. You'll you'll also be Claude or ChatGPT. You'll you'll also be Claude or ChatGPT. You'll you'll also be able to do it here. So, that when you able to do it here. So, that when you able to do it here. So, that when you get these insights, you can then apply get these insights, you can then apply get these insights, you can then apply them to your actual email campaigns and them to your actual email campaigns and them to your actual email campaigns and ask the the chatbot to to to to do those ask the the chatbot to to to to do those ask the the chatbot to to to to do those actions for you. actions for you. actions for you. So, here we have yeah, we have an So, here we have yeah, we have an So, here we have yeah, we have an analysis. This is our attributed orders analysis. This is our attributed orders analysis. This is our attributed orders over this time period. over this time period. over this time period. Um Um Um and then you can continue the and then you can continue the and then you can continue the conversation. conversation. conversation. &gt;&gt; But so, right now what I could do is I &gt;&gt; But so, right now what I could do is I &gt;&gt; But so, right now what I could do is I could go to my agent and I could say, "I could go to my agent and I could say, "I could go to my agent and I could say, "I want you every day to go and analyze my

[17:22] want you every day to go and analyze my want you every day to go and analyze my landing pages and suggest changes and landing pages and suggest changes and landing pages and suggest changes and then give me um then give me um then give me um those option boxes that I get that I those option boxes that I get that I those option boxes that I get that I could say, 'Yes, do that one or don't do could say, 'Yes, do that one or don't do could say, 'Yes, do that one or don't do that one.' And then it would go and make that one.' And then it would go and make that one.' And then it would go and make the change." the change." the change." &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; If I have my list somewhere else, how do &gt;&gt; If I have my list somewhere else, how do &gt;&gt; If I have my list somewhere else, how do I get it into Omnisend now? I get it into Omnisend now? I get it into Omnisend now? &gt;&gt; Your contact list? Not just if you have &gt;&gt; Your contact list? Not just if you have &gt;&gt; Your contact list? Not just if you have a contact list. Let's say you have all a contact list. Let's say you have all a contact list. Let's say you have all of your pop-ups and your automations and of your pop-ups and your automations and of your pop-ups and your automations and everything in another another email uh everything in another another email uh everything in another another email uh marketing thing, right? So, we have a marketing thing, right? So, we have a marketing thing, right? So, we have a migration assistant where we actually do migration assistant where we actually do migration assistant where we actually do the entire migration for you. You just

[17:52] the entire migration for you. You just the entire migration for you. You just give us access to your email account and give us access to your email account and give us access to your email account and then we will go in there then we will go in there then we will go in there within 2 or 3 business days, you come within 2 or 3 business days, you come within 2 or 3 business days, you come back to Omnisend and then you see, "Oh, back to Omnisend and then you see, "Oh, back to Omnisend and then you see, "Oh, it's populated with all my stuff." it's populated with all my stuff." it's populated with all my stuff." &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; And what does that cost? &gt;&gt; And what does that cost? &gt;&gt; And what does that cost? &gt;&gt; It's $0. &gt;&gt; It's $0. &gt;&gt; It's $0. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It is free. &gt;&gt; But yeah, if you're doing just wanting &gt;&gt; But yeah, if you're doing just wanting to import your contacts, you can just to import your contacts, you can just to import your contacts, you can just export it uh from your previous email export it uh from your previous email export it uh from your previous email uh marketing tool and then import it uh marketing tool and then import it uh marketing tool and then import it here. here. here. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. And you're saying in

[18:22] &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. And you're saying in &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. And you're saying in the future this is coming in. Do not the future this is coming in. Do not the future this is coming in. Do not tell me to edit that out cuz that's tell me to edit that out cuz that's tell me to edit that out cuz that's going to be a pain in the butt for me. I going to be a pain in the butt for me. I going to be a pain in the butt for me. I hate when people say, "And here's what hate when people say, "And here's what hate when people say, "And here's what we're going to release." And then they we're going to release." And then they we're going to release." And then they come back to me immediately afterwards come back to me immediately afterwards come back to me immediately afterwards and they say, "Andrew, I need you to and they say, "Andrew, I need you to and they say, "Andrew, I need you to edit it out. I don't want people to edit it out. I don't want people to edit it out. I don't want people to know." They're going to know. know." They're going to know. know." They're going to know. &gt;&gt; It's It's coming. It's coming. &gt;&gt; It's It's coming. It's coming. &gt;&gt; It's It's coming. It's coming. &gt;&gt; Okay. Anything else that we need to know &gt;&gt; Okay. Anything else that we need to know &gt;&gt; Okay. Anything else that we need to know on the inside? My hunch is I think we've on the inside? My hunch is I think we've on the inside? My hunch is I think we've got it. My understanding is this. got it. My understanding is this. got it. My understanding is this. &gt;&gt; we we hit most of the the big ones. &gt;&gt; we we hit most of the the big ones. &gt;&gt; we we hit most of the the big ones. &gt;&gt; I mean, there's there's automation where &gt;&gt; I mean, there's there's automation where &gt;&gt; I mean, there's there's automation where you can say, "Okay, somebody does this, you can say, "Okay, somebody does this, you can say, "Okay, somebody does this, then I want the system to do that and then I want the system to do that and then I want the system to do that and that and that." I will I will highlight that and that." I will I will highlight that and that." I will I will highlight that as one thing that I would not do in that as one thing that I would not do in that as one thing that I would not do in my agent. Any kind of automation I find

[18:54] my agent. Any kind of automation I find my agent. Any kind of automation I find breaks down when you hand it to an AI breaks down when you hand it to an AI breaks down when you hand it to an AI because sometimes it will it's because sometimes it will it's because sometimes it will it's predicting what it thinks you want to predicting what it thinks you want to predicting what it thinks you want to do. And mostly it predicts right, but do. And mostly it predicts right, but do. And mostly it predicts right, but sometimes it predicts wrong. And also it sometimes it predicts wrong. And also it sometimes it predicts wrong. And also it just burns through tokens to do that. I just burns through tokens to do that. I just burns through tokens to do that. I would much rather assign it here. I I would much rather assign it here. I I would much rather assign it here. I I much rather say, "Hey, uh Claude or much rather say, "Hey, uh Claude or much rather say, "Hey, uh Claude or Grok, go in and create an automation. Grok, go in and create an automation. Grok, go in and create an automation. When someone signs up I want them to get When someone signs up I want them to get When someone signs up I want them to get this message. If they don't open it I this message. If they don't open it I this message. If they don't open it I want them to get that. If they do open want them to get that. If they do open want them to get that. If they do open it I want it to get this other thing. it I want it to get this other thing. it I want it to get this other thing. Then I want them to get this, this, Then I want them to get this, this, Then I want them to get this, this, this. Put that into Omnisend, but I this. Put that into Omnisend, but I this. Put that into Omnisend, but I don't want my agent burning through don't want my agent burning through

[19:24] don't want my agent burning through tokens trying to manage that. I let tokens trying to manage that. I let tokens trying to manage that. I let Omnisend handle that. All right. I think Omnisend handle that. All right. I think Omnisend handle that. All right. I think we got it all. All right, for everyone we got it all. All right, for everyone we got it all. All right, for everyone who's listening I've got a link for you who's listening I've got a link for you who's listening I've got a link for you below so you can go and sign up. And if below so you can go and sign up. And if below so you can go and sign up. And if you like this video you like this video you like this video then I got another one for you right then I got another one for you right then I got another one for you right here to watch next. We'll see you in here to watch next. We'll see you in here to watch next. We'll see you in that one.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=uWnQLASl95U
