# Transcript: Top repo explained: builds product + lands customers

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcNAQynKUk4
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 19:43 · Words: 12913
Other available languages: a-fr (fr) [auto], a-de (de) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-pt (pt) [auto], a-es (es) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/BcNAQynKUk4.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=BcNAQynKUk4

## Transcript
[0:01] This guy [snorts] won the Anthropic This guy [snorts] won the Anthropic hackathon with an AI-powered customer hackathon with an AI-powered customer hackathon with an AI-powered customer discovery [music] platform. Then, he discovery [music] platform. Then, he discovery [music] platform. Then, he open-sourced his setup so you can use open-sourced his setup so you can use open-sourced his setup so you can use it, too. It's called ECC and it fleshes it, too. It's called ECC and it fleshes it, too. It's called ECC and it fleshes out your idea, it builds the first out your idea, it builds the first out your idea, it builds the first version of your product, it creates version of your product, it creates version of your product, it creates marketing videos for you, and it even marketing videos for you, and it even marketing videos for you, and it even sells your creation to people you know. sells your creation to people you know. sells your creation to people you know. The repo has a massive quarter million The repo has a massive quarter million The repo has a massive quarter million stars on GitHub. He even used it to stars on GitHub. He even used it to stars on GitHub. He even used it to build a company that he just sold, and build a company that he just sold, and build a company that he just sold, and in this video, he's going to walk you in this video, he's going to walk you in this video, he's going to walk you through how to use it. I've got a link through how to use it. I've got a link through how to use it. I've got a link below to the repo. Let's get to it.

[0:33] below to the repo. Let's get to it. below to the repo. Let's get to it. Presented by Zapier, the AI automation Presented by Zapier, the AI automation Presented by Zapier, the AI automation company. Affan, what are we looking at company. Affan, what are we looking at company. Affan, what are we looking at here? here? here? &gt;&gt; So, right now we're in our orchestrator &gt;&gt; So, right now we're in our orchestrator &gt;&gt; So, right now we're in our orchestrator pane, and we're going to give it a task pane, and we're going to give it a task pane, and we're going to give it a task and build a product. So, it's going to and build a product. So, it's going to and build a product. So, it's going to use ECC skills, uh spend the first 10 use ECC skills, uh spend the first 10 use ECC skills, uh spend the first 10 minutes building using various skills minutes building using various skills minutes building using various skills such as plan, test-driven development such as plan, test-driven development such as plan, test-driven development workflow, um and we have it specked out, workflow, um and we have it specked out, workflow, um and we have it specked out, and ECC actually built the spec out as and ECC actually built the spec out as and ECC actually built the spec out as well. Then, what we're going to do is well. Then, what we're going to do is well. Then, what we're going to do is we're going to actually try to market we're going to actually try to market we're going to actually try to market this thing. So, we'll use some of the this thing. So, we'll use some of the this thing. So, we'll use some of the market research and also video market research and also video market research and also video generation tools to actually create a

[1:04] generation tools to actually create a generation tools to actually create a video, um and then use that video to video, um and then use that video to video, um and then use that video to then market uh on X. So, it'll find then market uh on X. So, it'll find then market uh on X. So, it'll find people in my ICP on X uh using more ECC people in my ICP on X uh using more ECC people in my ICP on X uh using more ECC skills, um and then it'll send them DMs skills, um and then it'll send them DMs skills, um and then it'll send them DMs with the video or message them asking with the video or message them asking with the video or message them asking them if they're interested to try this them if they're interested to try this them if they're interested to try this product out. And we're going to try to product out. And we're going to try to product out. And we're going to try to get this all done get this all done get this all done um within the 20 minutes that we have. um within the 20 minutes that we have. um within the 20 minutes that we have. &gt;&gt; All right. Let's kick it off. What's the &gt;&gt; All right. Let's kick it off. What's the &gt;&gt; All right. Let's kick it off. What's the product? product? product? &gt;&gt; So, it looks like the product that it &gt;&gt; So, it looks like the product that it &gt;&gt; So, it looks like the product that it chose is um chose is um chose is um a a analyzer or a repo analyzer. So, it

[1:36] a a analyzer or a repo analyzer. So, it a a analyzer or a repo analyzer. So, it roasts your pitch essentially. So, roasts your pitch essentially. So, roasts your pitch essentially. So, whatever it is, so if you're trying to whatever it is, so if you're trying to whatever it is, so if you're trying to kind of might be good for a VC to use kind of might be good for a VC to use kind of might be good for a VC to use something like this, or it might be good something like this, or it might be good something like this, or it might be good as a founder before you pitch to a VC to as a founder before you pitch to a VC to as a founder before you pitch to a VC to use something like this, and we'll see use something like this, and we'll see use something like this, and we'll see if like other founders are interested in if like other founders are interested in if like other founders are interested in using it. using it. using it. &gt;&gt; When you say it picked it, where did it &gt;&gt; When you say it picked it, where did it &gt;&gt; When you say it picked it, where did it pick it? And I see you've just kicked pick it? And I see you've just kicked pick it? And I see you've just kicked off the the prompt. Where did it pick off the the prompt. Where did it pick off the the prompt. Where did it pick it? How did did you get it to come up it? How did did you get it to come up it? How did did you get it to come up with this idea? with this idea? with this idea? &gt;&gt; Um it that was stochastic. That was &gt;&gt; Um it that was stochastic. That was &gt;&gt; Um it that was stochastic. That was completely decided on its own. completely decided on its own. completely decided on its own. Um I simply asked it to come up with an Um I simply asked it to come up with an

[2:06] Um I simply asked it to come up with an idea that would be applicable to me. And idea that would be applicable to me. And idea that would be applicable to me. And there is some level of memory and there is some level of memory and there is some level of memory and context that is context that is context that is um um um set up. So, it has some idea that I'm a set up. So, it has some idea that I'm a set up. So, it has some idea that I'm a founder, that you know, I have, you founder, that you know, I have, you founder, that you know, I have, you know, I've been building things for some know, I've been building things for some know, I've been building things for some time. And so, it decided that this would time. And so, it decided that this would time. And so, it decided that this would be and maybe I because I was raising be and maybe I because I was raising be and maybe I because I was raising rather recently, not that long ago, rather recently, not that long ago, rather recently, not that long ago, you know, those things can go into it. you know, those things can go into it. you know, those things can go into it. And then it was And then it was And then it was &gt;&gt; that in the prompt that you asked it to &gt;&gt; that in the prompt that you asked it to &gt;&gt; that in the prompt that you asked it to come up with the idea? come up with the idea? come up with the idea? &gt;&gt; So, that was &gt;&gt; So, that was &gt;&gt; So, that was um um um previous. This was like an idea I previous. This was like an idea I previous. This was like an idea I already had sitting. So, this was already had sitting. So, this was already had sitting. So, this was previous to that.

[2:36] previous to that. previous to that. &gt;&gt; Got it. So, you took some idea that you &gt;&gt; Got it. So, you took some idea that you &gt;&gt; Got it. So, you took some idea that you already had come up with before and now already had come up with before and now already had come up with before and now it's taking the idea, it's running with it's taking the idea, it's running with it's taking the idea, it's running with it, it's building it, it's helping you it, it's building it, it's helping you it, it's building it, it's helping you market it. Got it. What Why do I keep market it. Got it. What Why do I keep market it. Got it. What Why do I keep seeing these uh one password alerts come seeing these uh one password alerts come seeing these uh one password alerts come up? up? up? &gt;&gt; So, what it's doing is it's utilizing uh &gt;&gt; So, what it's doing is it's utilizing uh &gt;&gt; So, what it's doing is it's utilizing uh one password to pull environment one password to pull environment one password to pull environment credentials. It's a way to have uh credentials. It's a way to have uh credentials. It's a way to have uh environment credentials will be pulled environment credentials will be pulled environment credentials will be pulled securely. securely. securely. Um I use a CLI to do this. So, to keep Um I use a CLI to do this. So, to keep Um I use a CLI to do this. So, to keep everything secure so I don't have local everything secure so I don't have local everything secure so I don't have local environment variables laying around environment variables laying around environment variables laying around laying around everywhere. Um and it's laying around everywhere. Um and it's laying around everywhere. Um and it's just one way to have um

[3:06] just one way to have um just one way to have um it all working. So, what it's doing is it all working. So, what it's doing is it all working. So, what it's doing is like it was testing the different like it was testing the different like it was testing the different things. It didn't have to pull anything things. It didn't have to pull anything things. It didn't have to pull anything into the shell. into the shell. into the shell. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um it was able to do that all itself. It &gt;&gt; Um it was able to do that all itself. It &gt;&gt; Um it was able to do that all itself. It utilized one password to pull in these utilized one password to pull in these utilized one password to pull in these credentials and it went ahead and it credentials and it went ahead and it credentials and it went ahead and it started it created this four box here. started it created this four box here. started it created this four box here. Now, this is in a tmux pane. Now, this is in a tmux pane. Now, this is in a tmux pane. Um Um Um and it's going to start um driving these and it's going to start um driving these and it's going to start um driving these panes, this orchestrator over here, panes, this orchestrator over here, panes, this orchestrator over here, which we are now going to minimize a which we are now going to minimize a which we are now going to minimize a little bit. little bit. little bit. It's going to start driving these panes It's going to start driving these panes It's going to start driving these panes and it's going to start building. And and it's going to start building. And

[3:36] and it's going to start building. And it's not as important what's going on it's not as important what's going on it's not as important what's going on over here cuz it's going to move kind of over here cuz it's going to move kind of over here cuz it's going to move kind of fast. fast. fast. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; keep focus on the orchestrator. But as &gt;&gt; keep focus on the orchestrator. But as &gt;&gt; keep focus on the orchestrator. But as you can see, it'll tell us what's going you can see, it'll tell us what's going you can see, it'll tell us what's going on um over here. on um over here. on um over here. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, it's running those panes um on the So, it's running those panes um on the So, it's running those panes um on the right. We don't need to pay attention to right. We don't need to pay attention to right. We don't need to pay attention to it. We're just You're just using it to it. We're just You're just using it to it. We're just You're just using it to keep an eye on what it's up to. keep an eye on what it's up to. keep an eye on what it's up to. &gt;&gt; Right. So, I've kind of Otherwise, you &gt;&gt; Right. So, I've kind of Otherwise, you &gt;&gt; Right. So, I've kind of Otherwise, you know, there's going to be a lot of know, there's going to be a lot of know, there's going to be a lot of context switching that goes around. And context switching that goes around. And context switching that goes around. And this is the easiest way for me because this is the easiest way for me because this is the easiest way for me because it's like hard for me to keep track of it's like hard for me to keep track of it's like hard for me to keep track of like 20, 30 panes and it especially for

[4:06] like 20, 30 panes and it especially for like 20, 30 panes and it especially for people who claim that they're running people who claim that they're running people who claim that they're running 20, 30 plus agents in parallel. How do 20, 30 plus agents in parallel. How do 20, 30 plus agents in parallel. How do you keep track of all your work? Well, you keep track of all your work? Well, you keep track of all your work? Well, normally you might have some sort of normally you might have some sort of normally you might have some sort of streaming or orchestration service streaming or orchestration service streaming or orchestration service that's explaining to what's happening in that's explaining to what's happening in that's explaining to what's happening in every pane. And that's how I normally every pane. And that's how I normally every pane. And that's how I normally kind of kind of kind of &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; view things at a high level. I might &gt;&gt; view things at a high level. I might &gt;&gt; view things at a high level. I might also take a look also take a look also take a look with my eyes sometimes and make sure with my eyes sometimes and make sure with my eyes sometimes and make sure things are going correctly. things are going correctly. things are going correctly. And uh And uh And uh but I'll mainly uh take a look at the but I'll mainly uh take a look at the but I'll mainly uh take a look at the orchestrator and make sure that orchestrator and make sure that orchestrator and make sure that everything's going on. everything's going on. everything's going on. So, So, So, uh over here it's monitoring these uh over here it's monitoring these uh over here it's monitoring these different panes. It's claiming that the

[4:37] different panes. It's claiming that the different panes. It's claiming that the show's like pane one's cloud code has show's like pane one's cloud code has show's like pane one's cloud code has written and committed seven uh failing written and committed seven uh failing written and committed seven uh failing tests. So, they're not doing well right tests. So, they're not doing well right tests. So, they're not doing well right now. Uh to kick off the test-driven now. Uh to kick off the test-driven now. Uh to kick off the test-driven development. So, now it's going to development. So, now it's going to development. So, now it's going to actually have to beat these tests um and actually have to beat these tests um and actually have to beat these tests um and fix its own code so that it passes uh fix its own code so that it passes uh fix its own code so that it passes uh through the test. Um and there's more through the test. Um and there's more through the test. Um and there's more rigorous ways to do this as well. rigorous ways to do this as well. rigorous ways to do this as well. And so, you can see it's kind of And so, you can see it's kind of And so, you can see it's kind of building some code. Uh over here it's building some code. Uh over here it's building some code. Uh over here it's hard coding a few like general uh it hard coding a few like general uh it hard coding a few like general uh it looks like it's uh looks like it's uh looks like it's uh you know, um you know, um you know, um it's creating a some general market and it's creating a some general market and it's creating a some general market and some general search terms.

[5:08] some general search terms. some general search terms. I think this might have some This one I think this might have some This one I think this might have some This one might be also it has like a category for might be also it has like a category for might be also it has like a category for web three, had category for B2B and web three, had category for B2B and web three, had category for B2B and SaaS. SaaS. SaaS. Um Um Um and uh enterprise sales. Um so, if it's and uh enterprise sales. Um so, if it's and uh enterprise sales. Um so, if it's like a enterprise, you know, B2B SaaS like a enterprise, you know, B2B SaaS like a enterprise, you know, B2B SaaS type of product, and then it's kind of type of product, and then it's kind of type of product, and then it's kind of setting this like creating this tuple setting this like creating this tuple setting this like creating this tuple here um right now. So, of course, you here um right now. So, of course, you here um right now. So, of course, you could do a lot better uh with more data could do a lot better uh with more data could do a lot better uh with more data ingestion if we had were to give it a ingestion if we had were to give it a ingestion if we had were to give it a lot of time to build a product that, you lot of time to build a product that, you lot of time to build a product that, you know, um you know, learns. So, you know, know, um you know, learns. So, you know, know, um you know, learns. So, you know, iteratively learns over time. But this iteratively learns over time. But this iteratively learns over time. But this is like getting the right um everything is like getting the right um everything is like getting the right um everything down. And sometimes I do look at the

[5:38] down. And sometimes I do look at the down. And sometimes I do look at the panes to see what direction it's headed. panes to see what direction it's headed. panes to see what direction it's headed. But most of the time I am very hands-off But most of the time I am very hands-off But most of the time I am very hands-off now um with the way I code. And uh now um with the way I code. And uh now um with the way I code. And uh looking over diffs might just be done in looking over diffs might just be done in looking over diffs might just be done in real time as it's going to make sure real time as it's going to make sure real time as it's going to make sure it's on track. And if it looks good, it's on track. And if it looks good, it's on track. And if it looks good, then I just let it go on track. At the then I just let it go on track. At the then I just let it go on track. At the very end or when very end or when very end or when &gt;&gt; Sorry, go ahead, and then I've got a &gt;&gt; Sorry, go ahead, and then I've got a &gt;&gt; Sorry, go ahead, and then I've got a question. question. question. &gt;&gt; Yeah, at the very end I might go and &gt;&gt; Yeah, at the very end I might go and &gt;&gt; Yeah, at the very end I might go and review through some things review through some things review through some things to make sure that it's, you know, to make sure that it's, you know, to make sure that it's, you know, everything's good, but a lot of the time everything's good, but a lot of the time everything's good, but a lot of the time it's relatively hands-off now. it's relatively hands-off now. it's relatively hands-off now. &gt;&gt; This is using ECC, the repo that got you

[6:09] &gt;&gt; This is using ECC, the repo that got you &gt;&gt; This is using ECC, the repo that got you and I connected. It now has over 271,000 and I connected. It now has over 271,000 and I connected. It now has over 271,000 stars on GitHub, which is huge. It keeps stars on GitHub, which is huge. It keeps stars on GitHub, which is huge. It keeps coming up as a top weekly trending repo, coming up as a top weekly trending repo, coming up as a top weekly trending repo, which is why I keep covering it. which is why I keep covering it. which is why I keep covering it. How did you put ECC together? How do you How did you put ECC together? How do you How did you put ECC together? How do you describe what it is for people who are describe what it is for people who are describe what it is for people who are trying to get to understand what you're trying to get to understand what you're trying to get to understand what you're doing here? doing here? doing here? &gt;&gt; Right. So, I think &gt;&gt; Right. So, I think &gt;&gt; Right. So, I think the best way I want to skate it the best way I want to skate it the best way I want to skate it explain it is that explain it is that explain it is that it removes the startup costs or

[6:39] it removes the startup costs or it removes the startup costs or the time to time to product from an the time to time to product from an the time to time to product from an idea. idea. idea. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Because it saves all the repeatable, the &gt;&gt; Because it saves all the repeatable, the &gt;&gt; Because it saves all the repeatable, the the the workflows that not just me, but the the workflows that not just me, but the the workflows that not just me, but engineers over the past decade, two engineers over the past decade, two engineers over the past decade, two decades of software engineering have decades of software engineering have decades of software engineering have created. We've had We've created systems created. We've had We've created systems created. We've had We've created systems that that that are very well trained on to create are very well trained on to create are very well trained on to create tests, make those tests pop a pop, and tests, make those tests pop a pop, and tests, make those tests pop a pop, and make those tests pass so that your make those tests pass so that your make those tests pass so that your product pops. And you know, you're doing product pops. And you know, you're doing product pops. And you know, you're doing very you know, you you you're doing a

[7:09] very you know, you you you're doing a very you know, you you you're doing a very test-driven development. I just very test-driven development. I just very test-driven development. I just want to pull this up here cuz it's want to pull this up here cuz it's want to pull this up here cuz it's already built out. already built out. already built out. &gt;&gt; yeah. So, it already built out. &gt;&gt; yeah. So, it already built out. &gt;&gt; yeah. So, it already built out. This is a little like quick and it's This is a little like quick and it's This is a little like quick and it's very simple, you know, very simple, you know, very simple, you know, easy UI, but I just wanted to say it's a easy UI, but I just wanted to say it's a easy UI, but I just wanted to say it's a very quick to get to your product, very quick to get to your product, very quick to get to your product, right? And so, now it's even going to right? And so, now it's even going to right? And so, now it's even going to start doing tests. So, I want to like start doing tests. So, I want to like start doing tests. So, I want to like kind of look at those tests because kind of look at those tests because kind of look at those tests because that's one of the main skills. One of that's one of the main skills. One of that's one of the main skills. One of the main reason I actually built ECC was the main reason I actually built ECC was the main reason I actually built ECC was that I needed some level of that I needed some level of that I needed some level of deterministic workflows to apply that deterministic workflows to apply that deterministic workflows to apply that were rooted in engineering practices to

[7:39] were rooted in engineering practices to were rooted in engineering practices to my otherwise very free-flow style of my otherwise very free-flow style of my otherwise very free-flow style of prompting that I had gotten. And the prompting that I had gotten. And the prompting that I had gotten. And the models have gotten better over time at models have gotten better over time at models have gotten better over time at this. Um so, now a lot of these things this. Um so, now a lot of these things this. Um so, now a lot of these things they do naturally. So, what did we do? they do naturally. So, what did we do? they do naturally. So, what did we do? Instead of leaving ACC as it is, we Instead of leaving ACC as it is, we Instead of leaving ACC as it is, we started getting more and more niche. So, started getting more and more niche. So, started getting more and more niche. So, there was a lot of niche work, Kotlin, there was a lot of niche work, Kotlin, there was a lot of niche work, Kotlin, C++, low-level programming, finance, C++, low-level programming, finance, C++, low-level programming, finance, fintech, quantitative finance. There's a fintech, quantitative finance. There's a fintech, quantitative finance. There's a lot of other things that are not very lot of other things that are not very lot of other things that are not very well trained on. So, we had skills to well trained on. So, we had skills to well trained on. So, we had skills to actually, you know, make sure it follows actually, you know, make sure it follows actually, you know, make sure it follows particular practices that those particular practices that those particular practices that those industries and also um those

[8:11] industries and also um those industries and also um those programmers, researchers, MLEs, etc. programmers, researchers, MLEs, etc. programmers, researchers, MLEs, etc. follow. Um and this goes beyond that. Uh follow. Um and this goes beyond that. Uh follow. Um and this goes beyond that. Uh we made it so that you can now chain we made it so that you can now chain we made it so that you can now chain skills together cuz I don't want to skills together cuz I don't want to skills together cuz I don't want to leave my orchestrator to go use some leave my orchestrator to go use some leave my orchestrator to go use some other SaaS tool to do my marketing. I other SaaS tool to do my marketing. I other SaaS tool to do my marketing. I want to build the product. I want it to want to build the product. I want it to want to build the product. I want it to make a video out of the product using make a video out of the product using make a video out of the product using skills. I want it to skills. I want it to skills. I want it to post that video on my X or send it in a post that video on my X or send it in a post that video on my X or send it in a DM to a bunch of people that are in my DM to a bunch of people that are in my DM to a bunch of people that are in my network that it literally pulls the network that it literally pulls the network that it literally pulls the network uh that I have and finds the network uh that I have and finds the network uh that I have and finds the best people that would actually buy this best people that would actually buy this best people that would actually buy this and get my first few customers. And this and get my first few customers. And this and get my first few customers. And this is all doable within an hour now. I've

[8:42] is all doable within an hour now. I've is all doable within an hour now. I've already built this. It's already kind of already built this. It's already kind of already built this. It's already kind of building this You know, this is a really building this You know, this is a really building this You know, this is a really bad pitch. So, it's going to roast it. bad pitch. So, it's going to roast it. bad pitch. So, it's going to roast it. Uber for dog walkers but on the Uber for dog walkers but on the Uber for dog walkers but on the blockchain. It's ridiculous, right? Um blockchain. It's ridiculous, right? Um blockchain. It's ridiculous, right? Um but maybe maybe there's someone in my but maybe maybe there's someone in my but maybe maybe there's someone in my network. Uh maybe that should be my network. Uh maybe that should be my network. Uh maybe that should be my pitch. So, pitch. So, pitch. So, it kind of pulled that up. It's it kind of pulled that up. It's it kind of pulled that up. It's localhost, of course. And so, it's kind localhost, of course. And so, it's kind localhost, of course. And so, it's kind of creating this like rendered promo of creating this like rendered promo of creating this like rendered promo video here. Um It's But the the tool video here. Um It's But the the tool video here. Um It's But the the tool that it that it that it the tool that it's making that it's now the tool that it's making that it's now the tool that it's making that it's now trying to promote or soon will try to trying to promote or soon will try to trying to promote or soon will try to promote to your friends and followers is promote to your friends and followers is promote to your friends and followers is the roast your idea tool where someone the roast your idea tool where someone the roast your idea tool where someone can come up with an idea and the tool

[9:14] can come up with an idea and the tool can come up with an idea and the tool itself will roast it for them. And what itself will roast it for them. And what itself will roast it for them. And what you want to do now is That's true. And you want to do now is That's true. And you want to do now is That's true. And then what you want to do is send it to then what you want to do is send it to then what you want to do is send it to people who you know on X and say, "Hey, people who you know on X and say, "Hey, people who you know on X and say, "Hey, would you use this?" And see if they would you use this?" And see if they would you use this?" And see if they would use it. would use it. would use it. Right. So, I'm not sure how Claude is Right. So, I'm not sure how Claude is Right. So, I'm not sure how Claude is going to interpret this, if it's going going to interpret this, if it's going going to interpret this, if it's going to find my network that it thinks has to find my network that it thinks has to find my network that it thinks has bad founders and then send this to them bad founders and then send this to them bad founders and then send this to them as a way for them to be like, "Hey, like as a way for them to be like, "Hey, like as a way for them to be like, "Hey, like this is I'm I'm implying something like this is I'm I'm implying something like this is I'm I'm implying something like you should probably use this to improve you should probably use this to improve you should probably use this to improve your product. Or if it's sending to your product. Or if it's sending to your product. Or if it's sending to founders that got to raise and they got founders that got to raise and they got founders that got to raise and they got to think from the perspective of a VC, to think from the perspective of a VC, to think from the perspective of a VC, what is a VC going to say or someone

[9:44] what is a VC going to say or someone what is a VC going to say or someone else going to say and improve the else going to say and improve the else going to say and improve the product that way so just so that they're product that way so just so that they're product that way so just so that they're prepared. But prepared. But prepared. But &gt;&gt; Cuz &gt;&gt; Cuz &gt;&gt; Cuz &gt;&gt; you know &gt;&gt; you know &gt;&gt; you know &gt;&gt; This is um because this is another &gt;&gt; This is um because this is another &gt;&gt; This is um because this is another feature of what you've built. You want feature of what you've built. You want feature of what you've built. You want founders and creators to run their ideas founders and creators to run their ideas founders and creators to run their ideas by real people and you're forcing that by real people and you're forcing that by real people and you're forcing that in, right? Tell me more of Tell me more in, right? Tell me more of Tell me more in, right? Tell me more of Tell me more of what you've baked in because that is of what you've baked in because that is of what you've baked in because that is part of your ethos part of your ethos part of your ethos for building. for building. for building. &gt;&gt; Right, so um I think you know &gt;&gt; Right, so um I think you know &gt;&gt; Right, so um I think you know it's so amazing that you know with all it's so amazing that you know with all it's so amazing that you know with all this technology we can build incredibly this technology we can build incredibly this technology we can build incredibly fast. So the question then becomes after fast. So the question then becomes after fast. So the question then becomes after that is like you can build incredibly

[10:14] that is like you can build incredibly that is like you can build incredibly fast but can you actually create a fast but can you actually create a fast but can you actually create a product and then from a product to a product and then from a product to a product and then from a product to a startup and a startup to scale? And startup and a startup to scale? And startup and a startup to scale? And things kind of fall apart in between things kind of fall apart in between things kind of fall apart in between then and you know this is as someone then and you know this is as someone then and you know this is as someone who's you know started with projects and who's you know started with projects and who's you know started with projects and then tried to scale them and build then tried to scale them and build then tried to scale them and build actually like full-fledged products. actually like full-fledged products. actually like full-fledged products. What you need to do and you need to do What you need to do and you need to do What you need to do and you need to do this as fast as possible is iterate. And this as fast as possible is iterate. And this as fast as possible is iterate. And what you need to do is get a lot of what you need to do is get a lot of what you need to do is get a lot of outside counsel and opinion, not just outside counsel and opinion, not just outside counsel and opinion, not just your own self and and you know what what your own self and and you know what what your own self and and you know what what the agents are saying cuz they might the agents are saying cuz they might the agents are saying cuz they might start guiding you as opposed to you start guiding you as opposed to you start guiding you as opposed to you guiding the agent. So you need to keep guiding the agent. So you need to keep guiding the agent. So you need to keep yourself in check and you need to like yourself in check and you need to like yourself in check and you need to like understand who you're building for, the understand who you're building for, the understand who you're building for, the market that you're building for, the market that you're building for, the market that you're building for, the ICP. And you're also going to need to

[10:45] ICP. And you're also going to need to ICP. And you're also going to need to understand even if you have a certain understand even if you have a certain understand even if you have a certain idea in mind, if you're raising you idea in mind, if you're raising you idea in mind, if you're raising you might want to present the product a might want to present the product a might want to present the product a certain way because you know that this certain way because you know that this certain way because you know that this particular VC is specifically keen on particular VC is specifically keen on particular VC is specifically keen on this on this exact vertical and he's this on this exact vertical and he's this on this exact vertical and he's specifically keen on looking for one specifically keen on looking for one specifically keen on looking for one angle you present on a how you're angle you present on a how you're angle you present on a how you're solving the problem. Even though your solving the problem. Even though your solving the problem. Even though your vision might not completely align with vision might not completely align with vision might not completely align with that, you're going to sell it to that VC that, you're going to sell it to that VC that, you're going to sell it to that VC in that way. in that way. in that way. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And then once you get the check then you &gt;&gt; And then once you get the check then you &gt;&gt; And then once you get the check then you get the check you can build it out as get the check you can build it out as get the check you can build it out as you want, right? You can like get the you want, right? You can like get the you want, right? You can like get the rest of your vision going and that's rest of your vision going and that's rest of your vision going and that's just how the game works frankly. As just how the game works frankly. As just how the game works frankly. As someone who's like raised a few times

[11:17] someone who's like raised a few times someone who's like raised a few times and and also exited, that it's just and and also exited, that it's just and and also exited, that it's just that's the way you want to play so you that's the way you want to play so you that's the way you want to play so you have a different market that you need to have a different market that you need to have a different market that you need to play for. Um this is something play for. Um this is something play for. Um this is something &gt;&gt; we know that this approach works because &gt;&gt; we know that this approach works because &gt;&gt; we know that this approach works because you had just launched a company, you got you had just launched a company, you got you had just launched a company, you got community feedback and from what I community feedback and from what I community feedback and from what I understand from friends of people who I understand from friends of people who I understand from friends of people who I trust, you sold it. trust, you sold it. trust, you sold it. You exited. You exited. You exited. &gt;&gt; Um yes, yes. So, so we have we have &gt;&gt; Um yes, yes. So, so we have we have &gt;&gt; Um yes, yes. So, so we have we have joined a new new organization. Uh we're joined a new new organization. Uh we're joined a new new organization. Uh we're building out what we're working on building out what we're working on building out what we're working on before now at scale with the with the before now at scale with the with the before now at scale with the with the proper resources and and ability of this

[11:47] proper resources and and ability of this proper resources and and ability of this organization we have. Um you can take a organization we have. Um you can take a organization we have. Um you can take a quick look at here. It already created quick look at here. It already created quick look at here. It already created some DMs and I have maybe these guys get some DMs and I have maybe these guys get some DMs and I have maybe these guys get free shout outs too. free shout outs too. free shout outs too. &gt;&gt; you're intentionally pushing me off of &gt;&gt; you're intentionally pushing me off of &gt;&gt; you're intentionally pushing me off of talking about how you sold the company talking about how you sold the company talking about how you sold the company because it is early. I'm going to use because it is early. I'm going to use because it is early. I'm going to use that as my phrase. Let's take a look at that as my phrase. Let's take a look at that as my phrase. Let's take a look at what we've got here. So, what's this on what we've got here. So, what's this on what we've got here. So, what's this on the left? It said, "If finished" and now the left? It said, "If finished" and now the left? It said, "If finished" and now it has five people who you probably it has five people who you probably it has five people who you probably know. Do you know Youssef on number know. Do you know Youssef on number know. Do you know Youssef on number five? five? five? &gt;&gt; Yes, so I do know these people and it's &gt;&gt; Yes, so I do know these people and it's &gt;&gt; Yes, so I do know these people and it's interesting. So, it chose a bunch of YC interesting. So, it chose a bunch of YC interesting. So, it chose a bunch of YC founders. founders. founders. &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; sense, right? So, it found five uh YC &gt;&gt; sense, right? So, it found five uh YC &gt;&gt; sense, right? So, it found five uh YC founders. I know some of these founders.

[12:18] founders. I know some of these founders. founders. I know some of these founders. Um Um Um and and it and it wrote in my in my and and it and it wrote in my in my and and it and it wrote in my in my writing style writing style writing style and it created these like uh and it created these like uh and it created these like uh intros, which I think are actually not intros, which I think are actually not intros, which I think are actually not that bad. that bad. that bad. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; Let me see what it said. What what it &gt;&gt; Let me see what it said. What what it &gt;&gt; Let me see what it said. What what it would send to them. Yeah. would send to them. Yeah. would send to them. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, over here [snorts] it drafted um and &gt;&gt; So, over here [snorts] it drafted um and &gt;&gt; So, over here [snorts] it drafted um and it said for Lance and maybe he had a it said for Lance and maybe he had a it said for Lance and maybe he had a tweet where you know, um tweet where you know, um tweet where you know, um YC partners had pushed them back on YC partners had pushed them back on YC partners had pushed them back on something, but it gives them this and it something, but it gives them this and it something, but it gives them this and it says ask whether these scores match what says ask whether these scores match what says ask whether these scores match what YC partners actually push back on when

[12:48] YC partners actually push back on when YC partners actually push back on when he was doing his demo day potentially. he was doing his demo day potentially. he was doing his demo day potentially. Um which who was the CEO of Traverse? It Um which who was the CEO of Traverse? It Um which who was the CEO of Traverse? It was in my network. So, he had another uh was in my network. So, he had another uh was in my network. So, he had another uh YC founder. YC founder. YC founder. Um It uses something from my DM history Um It uses something from my DM history Um It uses something from my DM history where I think I actually did once I was where I think I actually did once I was where I think I actually did once I was supposed to and I think I forgot about supposed to and I think I forgot about supposed to and I think I forgot about this. I was supposed to give him an this. I was supposed to give him an this. I was supposed to give him an intro intro intro to a Shenzhen supplier when I when I to a Shenzhen supplier when I when I to a Shenzhen supplier when I when I visited Shenzhen for building his I I visited Shenzhen for building his I I visited Shenzhen for building his I I think it's like eyewear. Um and and then think it's like eyewear. Um and and then think it's like eyewear. Um and and then asked how it would roast a hardware asked how it would roast a hardware asked how it would roast a hardware pitch, which is very very targeted. This pitch, which is very very targeted. This pitch, which is very very targeted. This is highly targeted. This isn't your when

[13:19] is highly targeted. This isn't your when is highly targeted. This isn't your when you open your email and you see the hey you open your email and you see the hey you open your email and you see the hey Afon, I know that you've been working on Afon, I know that you've been working on Afon, I know that you've been working on blank and you know they just pulled it blank and you know they just pulled it blank and you know they just pulled it from some like public, you know, like from some like public, you know, like from some like public, you know, like random data and it might not be random data and it might not be random data and it might not be accurate. This is very targeted. accurate. This is very targeted. accurate. This is very targeted. &gt;&gt; direct How How does it know? How does it &gt;&gt; direct How How does it know? How does it &gt;&gt; direct How How does it know? How does it have access to this? To your ex? have access to this? To your ex? have access to this? To your ex? &gt;&gt; So, as you saw earlier when it pulled &gt;&gt; So, as you saw earlier when it pulled &gt;&gt; So, as you saw earlier when it pulled up, Combinator is using one password. I up, Combinator is using one password. I up, Combinator is using one password. I have a bunch of things set up in my have a bunch of things set up in my have a bunch of things set up in my vault, and it's very good at this. And vault, and it's very good at this. And vault, and it's very good at this. And so, this is an incredibly good one, too. so, this is an incredibly good one, too. so, this is an incredibly good one, too. See, co-founder and CTO of Radius opens See, co-founder and CTO of Radius opens See, co-founder and CTO of Radius opens with Eto office offer in NYC still with Eto office offer in NYC still with Eto office offer in NYC still stands because now I recall I did say stands because now I recall I did say stands because now I recall I did say ask him to visit my office. I think I

[13:49] ask him to visit my office. I think I ask him to visit my office. I think I might have sent the comment. It might It might have sent the comment. It might It might have sent the comment. It might It might not have been DM. It might have might not have been DM. It might have might not have been DM. It might have been a comment. And ask whether the been a comment. And ask whether the been a comment. And ask whether the engineer judge is too nice cuz what engineer judge is too nice cuz what engineer judge is too nice cuz what they're building is something for they're building is something for they're building is something for engineers. engineers. engineers. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yes. Anya, I've spoken to her before, &gt;&gt; Yes. Anya, I've spoken to her before, &gt;&gt; Yes. Anya, I've spoken to her before, works on computer markets, which is what works on computer markets, which is what works on computer markets, which is what my previous company was in as well. And my previous company was in as well. And my previous company was in as well. And then it just opens with fellow computer then it just opens with fellow computer then it just opens with fellow computer markets person here, and then a comma markets person here, and then a comma markets person here, and then a comma Eto lowercase. Um and then Eto lowercase. Um and then Eto lowercase. Um and then you know, it choose some other uh ones you know, it choose some other uh ones you know, it choose some other uh ones as well. as well. as well. Um Um Um And then it allows me to just simply And then it allows me to just simply And then it allows me to just simply send at to do it. send at to do it. send at to do it. Um

[14:19] Um Um And you can also commit uh the the And you can also commit uh the the And you can also commit uh the the actual uh what's going on over here. actual uh what's going on over here. actual uh what's going on over here. Um and I think we should I'll ask it to Um and I think we should I'll ask it to Um and I think we should I'll ask it to before sending before sending before sending um play the video for us and see if that um play the video for us and see if that um play the video for us and see if that um um um Oh, there it is. Oh, there it is. Oh, there it is. So, you can see. So, you can see. So, you can see. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It made this like It just really, you &gt;&gt; It made this like It just really, you &gt;&gt; It made this like It just really, you know, know, know, last minute kind of like bang bang type last minute kind of like bang bang type last minute kind of like bang bang type of video where Yeah, Marcus I could

[14:49] of video where Yeah, Marcus I could of video where Yeah, Marcus I could already happened. That the, you know, already happened. That the, you know, already happened. That the, you know, cursor for blank is good. Four out of cursor for blank is good. Four out of cursor for blank is good. Four out of 10. Drop this. Just only sell this part. 10. Drop this. Just only sell this part. 10. Drop this. Just only sell this part. Roast your pitch. Pitch roast. Five Roast your pitch. Pitch roast. Five Roast your pitch. Pitch roast. Five judges, one verdict, one change. And now judges, one verdict, one change. And now judges, one verdict, one change. And now we could like iterate on this. This is a we could like iterate on this. This is a we could like iterate on this. This is a one-shot it, right, guys? I one-shot it one-shot it, right, guys? I one-shot it one-shot it, right, guys? I one-shot it this. So, we could iterate this like But this. So, we could iterate this like But this. So, we could iterate this like But this is like boom, your pitch is getting this is like boom, your pitch is getting this is like boom, your pitch is getting roasted. These are what the what they roasted. These are what the what they roasted. These are what the what they said. This is like a way to entice them. said. This is like a way to entice them. said. This is like a way to entice them. They sent this We sent this over DM. They sent this We sent this over DM. They sent this We sent this over DM. Um let's see. Maybe I should send it to Um let's see. Maybe I should send it to Um let's see. Maybe I should send it to only one of these person that I then can only one of these person that I then can only one of these person that I then can explain that all this was for a video. explain that all this was for a video. explain that all this was for a video. So, So, So, &gt;&gt; like so that they don't think you're

[15:19] &gt;&gt; like so that they don't think you're &gt;&gt; like so that they don't think you're running this business. But yeah, let's running this business. But yeah, let's running this business. But yeah, let's an appler. an appler. an appler. Okay. Is it also Does ECC Do you still Okay. Is it also Does ECC Do you still Okay. Is it also Does ECC Do you still call it Everything Cloud Code or does it call it Everything Cloud Code or does it call it Everything Cloud Code or does it just go by ECC now? just go by ECC now? just go by ECC now? &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Uh it just goes by ECC since it's &gt;&gt; Uh it just goes by ECC since it's &gt;&gt; Uh it just goes by ECC since it's applicable to applicable to applicable to any kind of system. any kind of system. any kind of system. Um but Um but Um but &gt;&gt; uh &gt;&gt; uh &gt;&gt; uh &gt;&gt; If I if I have an idea, &gt;&gt; If I if I have an idea, &gt;&gt; If I if I have an idea, I bring it to ECC, it will help me think I bring it to ECC, it will help me think I bring it to ECC, it will help me think through the idea at first, right? through the idea at first, right? through the idea at first, right? Tell me about that thinking through Tell me about that thinking through Tell me about that thinking through process which we hadn't seen, and then process which we hadn't seen, and then process which we hadn't seen, and then it will go through building that first it will go through building that first it will go through building that first model, the first uh prototype, finding

[15:51] model, the first uh prototype, finding model, the first uh prototype, finding people who we could go and pitch it to, people who we could go and pitch it to, people who we could go and pitch it to, get feedback. What happens before what get feedback. What happens before what get feedback. What happens before what we saw, which is like helping you think we saw, which is like helping you think we saw, which is like helping you think through the idea, and then what happens through the idea, and then what happens through the idea, and then what happens with the feedback that you get from with the feedback that you get from with the feedback that you get from people after? people after? people after? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so um &gt;&gt; Yeah, so um &gt;&gt; Yeah, so um it works best when you have like a good it works best when you have like a good it works best when you have like a good amount of a knowledge base or a context amount of a knowledge base or a context amount of a knowledge base or a context uh of your history. And what works is uh of your history. And what works is uh of your history. And what works is that um often times there's a few that um often times there's a few that um often times there's a few scales, there's also like a plan scale, scales, there's also like a plan scale, scales, there's also like a plan scale, and when the planning process of using and when the planning process of using and when the planning process of using the different ECC plan scales will help the different ECC plan scales will help the different ECC plan scales will help you uh do more of an iterative process. you uh do more of an iterative process. you uh do more of an iterative process. So, you can like say you have a baseline

[16:21] So, you can like say you have a baseline So, you can like say you have a baseline idea what you want to do, idea what you want to do, idea what you want to do, um um um and then um and then um and then um what it'll do is that it'll like work what it'll do is that it'll like work what it'll do is that it'll like work through you, did you think about this or through you, did you think about this or through you, did you think about this or did you think about that? did you think about that? did you think about that? Maybe be like, "Oh, does this exist or Maybe be like, "Oh, does this exist or Maybe be like, "Oh, does this exist or this this doesn't exist already?" So, this this doesn't exist already?" So, this this doesn't exist already?" So, it'll combine a scale of deep research, it'll combine a scale of deep research, it'll combine a scale of deep research, and deep research what the actual market and deep research what the actual market and deep research what the actual market looks like. So, now you're having an looks like. So, now you're having an looks like. So, now you're having an actual conversation instead of getting actual conversation instead of getting actual conversation instead of getting right to building. Once you go back and right to building. Once you go back and right to building. Once you go back and forth on the conversation, you keep forth on the conversation, you keep forth on the conversation, you keep looking at the new spec sheet and the looking at the new spec sheet and the looking at the new spec sheet and the new PRD, um and at times I've done new PRD, um and at times I've done new PRD, um and at times I've done honestly I've done I've ran a bunch of honestly I've done I've ran a bunch of honestly I've done I've ran a bunch of sub agents using this exact method, and

[16:51] sub agents using this exact method, and sub agents using this exact method, and I've built a 72-page I've built a 72-page I've built a 72-page almost uh like manual of the entire like almost uh like manual of the entire like almost uh like manual of the entire like vision of something before I even start vision of something before I even start vision of something before I even start building it, and then I can go reference building it, and then I can go reference building it, and then I can go reference it um back and forth and make edits, and it um back and forth and make edits, and it um back and forth and make edits, and then build it in small small chunks. And then build it in small small chunks. And then build it in small small chunks. And I think that component of it, which is I think that component of it, which is I think that component of it, which is the beginning component, we didn't get the beginning component, we didn't get the beginning component, we didn't get to see much of it here cuz it would take to see much of it here cuz it would take to see much of it here cuz it would take too much time. That's actually the most too much time. That's actually the most too much time. That's actually the most time intensive process, where you time intensive process, where you time intensive process, where you actually go back and forth and iterate actually go back and forth and iterate actually go back and forth and iterate um with the idea. um with the idea. um with the idea. Um and so uh that that process super Um and so uh that that process super Um and so uh that that process super important. And then, once you have that

[17:21] important. And then, once you have that important. And then, once you have that in place, just throw it in there, change in place, just throw it in there, change in place, just throw it in there, change some ECC skills, ask Claude to like some ECC skills, ask Claude to like some ECC skills, ask Claude to like recommend ECC skills to use for this, recommend ECC skills to use for this, recommend ECC skills to use for this, and you'll get this entire process that and you'll get this entire process that and you'll get this entire process that you just saw happen in the video thing. you just saw happen in the video thing. you just saw happen in the video thing. It's giving us a transaction ID an ID It's giving us a transaction ID an ID It's giving us a transaction ID an ID here saying that it sent a DM to Mike. here saying that it sent a DM to Mike. here saying that it sent a DM to Mike. So, what I'll do is I'm going to on my So, what I'll do is I'm going to on my So, what I'll do is I'm going to on my screen over here, I'll I'll go check my screen over here, I'll I'll go check my screen over here, I'll I'll go check my XDM's. XDM's. XDM's. &gt;&gt; Let's take a look. &gt;&gt; Let's take a look. &gt;&gt; Let's take a look. &gt;&gt; And I'll see if I sent Mike anything &gt;&gt; And I'll see if I sent Mike anything &gt;&gt; And I'll see if I sent Mike anything here. here. here. Um, Um, Um, if that went through.

[17:51] if that went through. if that went through. It might be loading. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, this is this is this is &gt;&gt; Let's see it. Let's see it. &gt;&gt; Let's see it. Let's see it. &gt;&gt; Let's see it. Let's see it. &gt;&gt; Bonnie and then shout out Mike. So, I &gt;&gt; Bonnie and then shout out Mike. So, I &gt;&gt; Bonnie and then shout out Mike. So, I guess Mike gets a free shout out here guess Mike gets a free shout out here guess Mike gets a free shout out here for what he's building. for what he's building. for what he's building. &gt;&gt; went out to him. Hey Mike. &gt;&gt; went out to him. Hey Mike. &gt;&gt; went out to him. Hey Mike. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, So, So, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; this this is now so, hey Mike, you tell &gt;&gt; this this is now so, hey Mike, you tell &gt;&gt; this this is now so, hey Mike, you tell office office office office offering NYC still stands. Built office offering NYC still stands. Built office offering NYC still stands. Built a thing live on a podcast today in less a thing live on a podcast today in less a thing live on a podcast today in less than 20 minutes with ECC base of startup than 20 minutes with ECC base of startup than 20 minutes with ECC base of startup pitch. Five just arose in give you one pitch. Five just arose in give you one pitch. Five just arose in give you one task makes fundable.

[18:22] task makes fundable. task makes fundable. Video attached would love your honest Video attached would love your honest Video attached would love your honest take from the CTO side, especially take from the CTO side, especially take from the CTO side, especially whether the engineer judges too nice. whether the engineer judges too nice. whether the engineer judges too nice. Roast the roaster if it deserves it. Roast the roaster if it deserves it. Roast the roaster if it deserves it. &gt;&gt; Wait, they didn't include a link to it? &gt;&gt; Wait, they didn't include a link to it? &gt;&gt; Wait, they didn't include a link to it? No, it didn't because this isn't public. No, it didn't because this isn't public. No, it didn't because this isn't public. This is on local host. This is on local host. This is on local host. &gt;&gt; public yet. It's just showing this idea &gt;&gt; public yet. It's just showing this idea &gt;&gt; public yet. It's just showing this idea and I'll get the idea. We could have and I'll get the idea. We could have and I'll get the idea. We could have also made it public. also made it public. also made it public. &gt;&gt; Basically, if somebody has an idea &gt;&gt; Basically, if somebody has an idea &gt;&gt; Basically, if somebody has an idea already that they're playing with that's already that they're playing with that's already that they're playing with that's their own tool maybe, something that their own tool maybe, something that their own tool maybe, something that they're proud of but they never took they're proud of but they never took they're proud of but they never took outside of their own computer and their outside of their own computer and their outside of their own computer and their own idea, they can start applying ECC to own idea, they can start applying ECC to own idea, they can start applying ECC to it, develop the idea a little bit it, develop the idea a little bit it, develop the idea a little bit further, send it out to people, get some further, send it out to people, get some further, send it out to people, get some feedback, iterate and take it from feedback, iterate and take it from feedback, iterate and take it from there. All three, what do you get for there. All three, what do you get for

[18:52] there. All three, what do you get for doing this? It's incredibly popular repo doing this? It's incredibly popular repo doing this? It's incredibly popular repo for a reason because it has the for a reason because it has the for a reason because it has the end-to-end end-to-end end-to-end end-to-end solution for everything for end-to-end solution for everything for end-to-end solution for everything for building a business essentially. What do building a business essentially. What do building a business essentially. What do you get for giving it out? you get for giving it out? you get for giving it out? &gt;&gt; I had like this passion of writing and &gt;&gt; I had like this passion of writing and &gt;&gt; I had like this passion of writing and like teaching people about what I've like teaching people about what I've like teaching people about what I've learned and also talking about what I've learned and also talking about what I've learned and also talking about what I've learned over, you know, like year learned over, you know, like year learned over, you know, like year building with these all these new tools building with these all these new tools building with these all these new tools that have been coming out. that have been coming out. that have been coming out. Didn't expect it to go as as popular as Didn't expect it to go as as popular as Didn't expect it to go as as popular as it did, so I decided to release it. I'm it did, so I decided to release it. I'm it did, so I decided to release it. I'm like, "Okay, sure. Everyone can have my like, "Okay, sure. Everyone can have my like, "Okay, sure. Everyone can have my tool set. I'm not gatekeeping it for any tool set. I'm not gatekeeping it for any tool set. I'm not gatekeeping it for any any any given reason." And then people any any given reason." And then people any any given reason." And then people started contributing to it. And so I started contributing to it. And so I started contributing to it. And so I benefit from that, too. I think we all benefit from that, too. I think we all benefit from that, too. I think we all benefit if we can keep the open source.

[19:23] benefit if we can keep the open source. benefit if we can keep the open source. Um, there's almost 400 contributors now. Um, there's almost 400 contributors now. Um, there's almost 400 contributors now. So, everyone has contributed maybe So, everyone has contributed maybe So, everyone has contributed maybe something they've learned from whatever something they've learned from whatever something they've learned from whatever profession or skill set they're in. profession or skill set they're in. profession or skill set they're in. &gt;&gt; All right. We'll have a link, of course, &gt;&gt; All right. We'll have a link, of course, &gt;&gt; All right. We'll have a link, of course, to the repo below. And the way that we to the repo below. And the way that we to the repo below. And the way that we discovered Afun was that his repo just discovered Afun was that his repo just discovered Afun was that his repo just kept showing up in our top 10 list of kept showing up in our top 10 list of kept showing up in our top 10 list of trending repos for the week. If you trending repos for the week. If you trending repos for the week. If you haven't seen one of those shows, I've haven't seen one of those shows, I've haven't seen one of those shows, I've got one for you right here that you got one for you right here that you got one for you right here that you really need to see. And I'll see you in really need to see. And I'll see you in really need to see. And I'll see you in that one.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=BcNAQynKUk4
