# Transcript: Top Repos + Fame, Traffic & Agents

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlOk-EFUITQ
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 34:55 · Words: 21692
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=hlOk-EFUITQ

## Transcript
[0:01] You're going to [snorts] see how Jev You're going to [snorts] see how Jev will make you famous. You're going to will make you famous. You're going to will make you famous. You're going to see a tool that will get traffic to your see a tool that will get traffic to your see a tool that will get traffic to your website. And if you have a lot of website. And if you have a lot of website. And if you have a lot of agents, you're going to see a tool that agents, you're going to see a tool that agents, you're going to see a tool that will bring them all together into an will bring them all together into an will bring them all together into an organized company. All that and the top organized company. All that and the top organized company. All that and the top 10 repos of this week coming up. 10 repos of this week coming up. 10 repos of this week coming up. Presented by Zapier, the AI automation Presented by Zapier, the AI automation Presented by Zapier, the AI automation company. company. company. &gt;&gt; Adam, before I show you the top 10 for &gt;&gt; Adam, before I show you the top 10 for &gt;&gt; Adam, before I show you the top 10 for the week, I got to show you three that the week, I got to show you three that the week, I got to show you three that people are talking about and tell you people are talking about and tell you people are talking about and tell you why they're talking about them because why they're talking about them because why they're talking about them because this is super interesting. All right. this is super interesting. All right. this is super interesting. All right. Number one, NewsJack. This is a GitHub Number one, NewsJack. This is a GitHub Number one, NewsJack. This is a GitHub repo that will basically turn your LLM repo that will basically turn your LLM repo that will basically turn your LLM into your PR manager. It will find

[0:33] into your PR manager. It will find into your PR manager. It will find reporters that are talking about topics reporters that are talking about topics reporters that are talking about topics you should be you should be talking you should be you should be talking you should be you should be talking about. It'll find stories that you need about. It'll find stories that you need about. It'll find stories that you need to kind of wedge yourself into and it'll to kind of wedge yourself into and it'll to kind of wedge yourself into and it'll help you go out and get into those help you go out and get into those help you go out and get into those reporters faces um or at least in front reporters faces um or at least in front reporters faces um or at least in front of them and start to get you some press. of them and start to get you some press. of them and start to get you some press. The reason that people are talking about The reason that people are talking about The reason that people are talking about it though and and this is this has been it though and and this is this has been it though and and this is this has been out for a bit is because of Jev. With out for a bit is because of Jev. With out for a bit is because of Jev. With Jev, now you can make decisions so much Jev, now you can make decisions so much Jev, now you can make decisions so much faster and cheaper that when the creator faster and cheaper that when the creator faster and cheaper that when the creator Elvis had posted this on Twitter, it Elvis had posted this on Twitter, it Elvis had posted this on Twitter, it just took right off. Look at this. This

[1:03] just took right off. Look at this. This just took right off. Look at this. This is Jev using the repo to make a decision is Jev using the repo to make a decision is Jev using the repo to make a decision about whether a news story is about whether a news story is about whether a news story is appropriate for one client or another to appropriate for one client or another to appropriate for one client or another to be a part of. Check out how fast it be a part of. Check out how fast it be a part of. Check out how fast it works on the left versus on the right, works on the left versus on the right, works on the left versus on the right, which is Opus 5. which is Opus 5. which is Opus 5. &gt;&gt; And so you could see Jeff is making &gt;&gt; And so you could see Jeff is making &gt;&gt; And so you could see Jeff is making decisions quickly. It's accurate at decisions quickly. It's accurate at decisions quickly. It's accurate at these things and more importantly it's these things and more importantly it's these things and more importantly it's just pennies. It's super inexpensive and just pennies. It's super inexpensive and just pennies. It's super inexpensive and because of that this whole repo is because of that this whole repo is because of that this whole repo is getting so much more attention this getting so much more attention this getting so much more attention this week. What do you think of Jev by the week. What do you think of Jev by the week. What do you think of Jev by the way?

[1:33] way? way? &gt;&gt; Oh my go I mean it's it's amazing. I we &gt;&gt; Oh my go I mean it's it's amazing. I we &gt;&gt; Oh my go I mean it's it's amazing. I we we've been talking for a while about how we've been talking for a while about how we've been talking for a while about how these smaller more purpose-built models these smaller more purpose-built models these smaller more purpose-built models are going to come around and not replace are going to come around and not replace are going to come around and not replace Opus and Fable and whatever but they are Opus and Fable and whatever but they are Opus and Fable and whatever but they are going to create new opportunities. And going to create new opportunities. And going to create new opportunities. And this is a great one. And we use Jev for this is a great one. And we use Jev for this is a great one. And we use Jev for uh for profile evaluations when we're uh for profile evaluations when we're uh for profile evaluations when we're looking for leads or customers or or looking for leads or customers or or looking for leads or customers or or talent. And we we've just dropped it in talent. And we we've just dropped it in talent. And we we've just dropped it in and replaced all these flash models we and replaced all these flash models we and replaced all these flash models we used to use that were still kind of slow

[2:03] used to use that were still kind of slow used to use that were still kind of slow and not very good quality. And Jev is and not very good quality. And Jev is and not very good quality. And Jev is now like, "Yeah, I'll do that for now like, "Yeah, I'll do that for now like, "Yeah, I'll do that for basically free." And oh my god, it's basically free." And oh my god, it's basically free." And oh my god, it's it's yeah, it's it's night and day. And it's yeah, it's it's night and day. And it's yeah, it's it's night and day. And suddenly we're building new tools that suddenly we're building new tools that suddenly we're building new tools that we wouldn't have built before because it we wouldn't have built before because it we wouldn't have built before because it would have been too complicated or or or would have been too complicated or or or would have been too complicated or or or annoying to to build it out. One one annoying to to build it out. One one annoying to to build it out. One one that I'll point out is we love the ELO that I'll point out is we love the ELO that I'll point out is we love the ELO system. If you play tennis or chess or system. If you play tennis or chess or system. If you play tennis or chess or whatever, it's basically this tournament whatever, it's basically this tournament whatever, it's basically this tournament model where you can pit two people model where you can pit two people model where you can pit two people against each other and based on their against each other and based on their against each other and based on their skill level and who wins or loses, both skill level and who wins or loses, both skill level and who wins or loses, both people's skill numbers adjust up and

[2:33] people's skill numbers adjust up and people's skill numbers adjust up and down. And if you if you run tournaments down. And if you if you run tournaments down. And if you if you run tournaments long enough, you figure out the exact long enough, you figure out the exact long enough, you figure out the exact stack of everyone. Well, that ELO system stack of everyone. Well, that ELO system stack of everyone. Well, that ELO system works with these big models, but it's works with these big models, but it's works with these big models, but it's pretty expensive to run. Now that we're pretty expensive to run. Now that we're pretty expensive to run. Now that we're using Jev, it's again, it's basically using Jev, it's again, it's basically using Jev, it's again, it's basically free and it's so much faster. free and it's so much faster. free and it's so much faster. &gt;&gt; All right, next thing that's getting a &gt;&gt; All right, next thing that's getting a &gt;&gt; All right, next thing that's getting a lot of attention this week is Open SEO. lot of attention this week is Open SEO. lot of attention this week is Open SEO. It's an open- source Semrush rival that It's an open- source Semrush rival that It's an open- source Semrush rival that you basically pay peanuts for because you basically pay peanuts for because you basically pay peanuts for because you're just paying for the data source. you're just paying for the data source. you're just paying for the data source. And I'll show you why people are just And I'll show you why people are just And I'll show you why people are just pissed at this and why they're talking

[3:03] pissed at this and why they're talking pissed at this and why they're talking about it. It makes total sense. He's about it. It makes total sense. He's about it. It makes total sense. He's taking data and he's making it taking data and he's making it taking data and he's making it accessible to you through this repo. You accessible to you through this repo. You accessible to you through this repo. You don't have to pay him jack. You just get don't have to pay him jack. You just get don't have to pay him jack. You just get to use it. If you want him to host it, to use it. If you want him to host it, to use it. If you want him to host it, it's just 10 bucks a month. it's just 10 bucks a month. it's just 10 bucks a month. He announced so proudly that he is now He announced so proudly that he is now He announced so proudly that he is now in Y Combinator, [snorts] 100% open- in Y Combinator, [snorts] 100% open- in Y Combinator, [snorts] 100% open- source company. And then people freaking source company. And then people freaking source company. And then people freaking started ripping into him, not just started ripping into him, not just started ripping into him, not just publicly, but I'm only going to show the publicly, but I'm only going to show the publicly, but I'm only going to show the tweets. Even in private, people are tweets. Even in private, people are tweets. Even in private, people are saying to me, "Dude just vibe coded

[3:35] saying to me, "Dude just vibe coded saying to me, "Dude just vibe coded something that takes data from data for something that takes data from data for something that takes data from data for SEO and just makes it easier to use." SEO and just makes it easier to use." SEO and just makes it easier to use." And now Y Combinator is is backing him. And now Y Combinator is is backing him. And now Y Combinator is is backing him. Here's this one from Nevo David, another Here's this one from Nevo David, another Here's this one from Nevo David, another person who I interviewed. I wonder what person who I interviewed. I wonder what person who I interviewed. I wonder what happened to Y Combinator. Don't get me happened to Y Combinator. Don't get me happened to Y Combinator. Don't get me wrong, this looks like an amazing wrong, this looks like an amazing wrong, this looks like an amazing business. Definitely can make a few business. Definitely can make a few business. Definitely can make a few million dollars per year, but I find it million dollars per year, but I find it million dollars per year, but I find it weird today that YC is funding mid-tier weird today that YC is funding mid-tier weird today that YC is funding mid-tier SAS. These companies can't be one SAS. These companies can't be one SAS. These companies can't be one billion dollar businesses. And others billion dollar businesses. And others billion dollar businesses. And others are just saying, "Look at this. This is are just saying, "Look at this. This is are just saying, "Look at this. This is a rapper for a rapper." What do you a rapper for a rapper." What do you a rapper for a rapper." What do you think of this? think of this? think of this? &gt;&gt; Well, first of all, I'm a paying

[4:06] &gt;&gt; Well, first of all, I'm a paying &gt;&gt; Well, first of all, I'm a paying customer of it. We talked about this one customer of it. We talked about this one customer of it. We talked about this one a couple weeks ago and I was like, "Oh, a couple weeks ago and I was like, "Oh, a couple weeks ago and I was like, "Oh, like this seems like it'd be really like this seems like it'd be really like this seems like it'd be really useful to us and I'm a little frustrated useful to us and I'm a little frustrated useful to us and I'm a little frustrated with Simrush and others." So, I'm a with Simrush and others." So, I'm a with Simrush and others." So, I'm a paying customer. I think it's a great paying customer. I think it's a great paying customer. I think it's a great tool. I I agree it's a rapper of a tool. I I agree it's a rapper of a tool. I I agree it's a rapper of a rapper and I don't have any problem that rapper and I don't have any problem that rapper and I don't have any problem that it's a rapper of a rapper, you know, it's a rapper of a rapper, you know, it's a rapper of a rapper, you know, like that that first point of of why is like that that first point of of why is like that that first point of of why is Y Combinator funding this? I'm sure Y Combinator funding this? I'm sure Y Combinator funding this? I'm sure it'll be a great business. It'll make it'll be a great business. It'll make it'll be a great business. It'll make millions of dollars a year, but why millions of dollars a year, but why millions of dollars a year, but why would they do that? They do it because would they do that? They do it because would they do that? They do it because it's going to make millions of dollars a it's going to make millions of dollars a it's going to make millions of dollars a year. And a business like this is so year. And a business like this is so year. And a business like this is so simple and clear that it often doesn't

[4:37] simple and clear that it often doesn't simple and clear that it often doesn't need to raise other money. And that's need to raise other money. And that's need to raise other money. And that's something people miss. If you've raised something people miss. If you've raised something people miss. If you've raised $500 million and you're making five $500 million and you're making five $500 million and you're making five million bucks a year, your business has million bucks a year, your business has million bucks a year, your business has failed. If you've raised half a million failed. If you've raised half a million failed. If you've raised half a million or a million dollars and you're making 5 or a million dollars and you're making 5 or a million dollars and you're making 5 million bucks a year, you're rolling in million bucks a year, you're rolling in million bucks a year, you're rolling in it. You've built a great business that's it. You've built a great business that's it. You've built a great business that's valuable that you could sell and you're valuable that you could sell and you're valuable that you could sell and you're paying yourself a couple million bucks a paying yourself a couple million bucks a paying yourself a couple million bucks a year. I don't know what the problem with year. I don't know what the problem with year. I don't know what the problem with that is. I'm I'm happy that that Y that is. I'm I'm happy that that Y that is. I'm I'm happy that that Y Combinator is stretching. I went through Combinator is stretching. I went through Combinator is stretching. I went through YC in winter of 2016 and man, most of YC in winter of 2016 and man, most of YC in winter of 2016 and man, most of the businesses that went through with

[5:07] the businesses that went through with the businesses that went through with us, they're either shut down or they're us, they're either shut down or they're us, they're either shut down or they're struggling. They're kind of flat and and struggling. They're kind of flat and and struggling. They're kind of flat and and they have no exit in sight. I'm so happy they have no exit in sight. I'm so happy they have no exit in sight. I'm so happy that that YC would stretch and and try that that YC would stretch and and try that that YC would stretch and and try some of these other businesses that some of these other businesses that some of these other businesses that could still grow and be big. Uh but at could still grow and be big. Uh but at could still grow and be big. Uh but at the very least, they're like, "Yeah, the the very least, they're like, "Yeah, the the very least, they're like, "Yeah, the dude's probably gonna make a bunch of dude's probably gonna make a bunch of dude's probably gonna make a bunch of money." money." money." &gt;&gt; I'm excited about it. It's it's also an &gt;&gt; I'm excited about it. It's it's also an &gt;&gt; I'm excited about it. It's it's also an inspiration for anyone who's listening inspiration for anyone who's listening inspiration for anyone who's listening who was vibe coding a rapper. Um, let who was vibe coding a rapper. Um, let who was vibe coding a rapper. Um, let him laugh, but keep building. All right. him laugh, but keep building. All right. him laugh, but keep building. All right. And finally, And finally, And finally, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; paper clip. This one is getting a ton of &gt;&gt; paper clip. This one is getting a ton of &gt;&gt; paper clip. This one is getting a ton of attention. I will say I believe it's

[5:37] attention. I will say I believe it's attention. I will say I believe it's because of this video that got about because of this video that got about because of this video that got about half a million views on YouTube where he half a million views on YouTube where he half a million views on YouTube where he where Network Chuck talked about how it where Network Chuck talked about how it where Network Chuck talked about how it connects multiple agents into this one connects multiple agents into this one connects multiple agents into this one like this one structure that allows you like this one structure that allows you like this one structure that allows you to manage your agents like their to manage your agents like their to manage your agents like their employees. And that's what it's always employees. And that's what it's always employees. And that's what it's always done. And I think the more agents come done. And I think the more agents come done. And I think the more agents come out that are good agents, the more we're out that are good agents, the more we're out that are good agents, the more we're going to need a tool like this that will going to need a tool like this that will going to need a tool like this that will help us manage them. This is like the help us manage them. This is like the help us manage them. This is like the the task manager for the agents. There's the task manager for the agents. There's the task manager for the agents. There's a org chart for the agents. I've

[6:07] a org chart for the agents. I've a org chart for the agents. I've installed this on a previous episode. installed this on a previous episode. installed this on a previous episode. Here it is. I think this is the kind of Here it is. I think this is the kind of Here it is. I think this is the kind of thing that's useful. I don't know if thing that's useful. I don't know if thing that's useful. I don't know if this is the right project for it, but this is the right project for it, but this is the right project for it, but this is the one that people are spending this is the one that people are spending this is the one that people are spending a lot of time on. This is the one that a lot of time on. This is the one that a lot of time on. This is the one that the developers spent actually a lot of the developers spent actually a lot of the developers spent actually a lot of time building up. And I should say also time building up. And I should say also time building up. And I should say also that this video I think was a paid that this video I think was a paid that this video I think was a paid promotion which I'm I'm not upset about promotion which I'm I'm not upset about promotion which I'm I'm not upset about because it means that that um Dota because it means that that um Dota because it means that that um Dota behind it is actually spending money to behind it is actually spending money to behind it is actually spending money to grow it. grow it. grow it. Is it? Yeah. They're sponsored by Is it? Yeah. They're sponsored by Is it? Yeah. They're sponsored by paperclip. paperclip. paperclip. &gt;&gt; Andrew, would I use this in place of

[6:39] &gt;&gt; Andrew, would I use this in place of &gt;&gt; Andrew, would I use this in place of something like Grockbot or Hermes or or something like Grockbot or Hermes or or something like Grockbot or Hermes or or does this add to Grockbot and Hermes? does this add to Grockbot and Hermes? does this add to Grockbot and Hermes? &gt;&gt; It corrals them into a place that your &gt;&gt; It corrals them into a place that your &gt;&gt; It corrals them into a place that your team can work with them. team can work with them. team can work with them. Okay. So, if I've got multiple agents Okay. So, if I've got multiple agents Okay. So, if I've got multiple agents from different providers, I like them from different providers, I like them from different providers, I like them all for different reasons. This gives me all for different reasons. This gives me all for different reasons. This gives me this one surface to manage who's doing this one surface to manage who's doing this one surface to manage who's doing what and and how do I assign tasks to what and and how do I assign tasks to what and and how do I assign tasks to them all? Is that right? them all? Is that right? them all? Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yes. With one thing I want to be clear, &gt;&gt; Yes. With one thing I want to be clear, &gt;&gt; Yes. With one thing I want to be clear, I don't think it does work with I don't think it does work with I don't think it does work with Grockbot. I don't think it does work Grockbot. I don't think it does work Grockbot. I don't think it does work with Meta's Muse. And I think that's

[7:10] with Meta's Muse. And I think that's with Meta's Muse. And I think that's where the opportunity is to bring them where the opportunity is to bring them where the opportunity is to bring them in. I've seen some of my friends in in. I've seen some of my friends in in. I've seen some of my friends in private talk about how they're creating private talk about how they're creating private talk about how they're creating ways to do something like this for those ways to do something like this for those ways to do something like this for those more consumer grade products, but more consumer grade products, but more consumer grade products, but Paperclip is doing it for Hermes, for Paperclip is doing it for Hermes, for Paperclip is doing it for Hermes, for OpenClaw, for the more advanced OpenClaw, for the more advanced OpenClaw, for the more advanced products. products. products. All right, awesome. Those are the top All right, awesome. Those are the top All right, awesome. Those are the top three people are talking about. Let's three people are talking about. Let's three people are talking about. Let's get into the number one trending repo of get into the number one trending repo of get into the number one trending repo of the week, and that is from Anthropic the week, and that is from Anthropic the week, and that is from Anthropic Financial Services. It's 10 finance Financial Services. It's 10 finance Financial Services. It's 10 finance agents that do the grunt work. And um agents that do the grunt work. And um agents that do the grunt work. And um it's kind of like having your own fi

[7:40] it's kind of like having your own fi it's kind of like having your own fi financial company sitting there and financial company sitting there and financial company sitting there and analyzing stocks for you. analyzing stocks for you. analyzing stocks for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What do you think, Andrew? Is is a &gt;&gt; What do you think, Andrew? Is is a &gt;&gt; What do you think, Andrew? Is is a repository like this going to be more repository like this going to be more repository like this going to be more useful for a beginner that's trying to useful for a beginner that's trying to useful for a beginner that's trying to do some of these financial tasks or is do some of these financial tasks or is do some of these financial tasks or is this more useful for a financial this more useful for a financial this more useful for a financial professional that wants superpowers? You professional that wants superpowers? You professional that wants superpowers? You know, when I see this know your customer know, when I see this know your customer know, when I see this know your customer screening, you and I and most people who screening, you and I and most people who screening, you and I and most people who are listening are not going to need are listening are not going to need are listening are not going to need this. And this is honestly what made me this. And this is honestly what made me this. And this is honestly what made me blow it off last time this came up. I

[8:10] blow it off last time this came up. I blow it off last time this came up. I said, "What is this? These financial said, "What is this? These financial said, "What is this? These financial companies, they have enough money for companies, they have enough money for companies, they have enough money for for know your customer." And then for know your customer." And then for know your customer." And then earlier this week, I talked with someone earlier this week, I talked with someone earlier this week, I talked with someone who's running a legal firm who's running a legal firm who's running a legal firm &gt;&gt; who Anthropic also created legal skills &gt;&gt; who Anthropic also created legal skills &gt;&gt; who Anthropic also created legal skills like this. He's using it to run his like this. He's using it to run his like this. He's using it to run his company. He is shaving hours off of his company. He is shaving hours off of his company. He is shaving hours off of his week. He was just showing me how he did week. He was just showing me how he did week. He was just showing me how he did it. He's a total geek. giant like watch it. He's a total geek. giant like watch it. He's a total geek. giant like watch that connects to the internet and all that connects to the internet and all that connects to the internet and all that stuff. And he's doing all this and that stuff. And he's doing all this and that stuff. And he's doing all this and in the middle of the conversation, he in the middle of the conversation, he in the middle of the conversation, he gets up, he comes back and he goes, "I'm gets up, he comes back and he goes, "I'm gets up, he comes back and he goes, "I'm sorry, Andrew. Every time there's a wine sorry, Andrew. Every time there's a wine sorry, Andrew. Every time there's a wine order, I have to go and sign for it order, I have to go and sign for it order, I have to go and sign for it because, you know, it's it's alcohol." I

[8:41] because, you know, it's it's alcohol." I because, you know, it's it's alcohol." I said, "Why all this wine order?" He said, "Why all this wine order?" He said, "Why all this wine order?" He goes, "I'm studying to be a Smile. I goes, "I'm studying to be a Smile. I goes, "I'm studying to be a Smile. I have all this extra time." And he is have all this extra time." And he is have all this extra time." And he is using the anthropic skills for lawyers using the anthropic skills for lawyers using the anthropic skills for lawyers that I blew off a while back. So, I that I blew off a while back. So, I that I blew off a while back. So, I guess these are valuable and I shouldn't guess these are valuable and I shouldn't guess these are valuable and I shouldn't blow them off. blow them off. blow them off. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think that makes sense. You &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think that makes sense. You &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think that makes sense. You know, we've talked about this before. know, we've talked about this before. know, we've talked about this before. you you could get some of these skills you you could get some of these skills you you could get some of these skills and plugins and customize them as well. and plugins and customize them as well. and plugins and customize them as well. Now, in the hands of a novice, you're Now, in the hands of a novice, you're Now, in the hands of a novice, you're probably not going to customize it. probably not going to customize it. probably not going to customize it. You're just going to take it off the You're just going to take it off the You're just going to take it off the shelf and use it. But something like shelf and use it. But something like shelf and use it. But something like this, you you take that KYC screener, this, you you take that KYC screener, this, you you take that KYC screener, you give it to a professional that knows you give it to a professional that knows you give it to a professional that knows how to do KYC and has very specific

[9:13] how to do KYC and has very specific how to do KYC and has very specific demands. They're probably going to demands. They're probably going to demands. They're probably going to customize that and make it even more customize that and make it even more customize that and make it even more amazing for them. So, that is kind of amazing for them. So, that is kind of amazing for them. So, that is kind of that that superpower version versus that that superpower version versus that that superpower version versus raising the raising the floor. And I raising the raising the floor. And I raising the raising the floor. And I think both are good. I I don't think think both are good. I I don't think think both are good. I I don't think there's anything wrong with with either there's anything wrong with with either there's anything wrong with with either one of those. one of those. one of those. &gt;&gt; And we did last time that this came up &gt;&gt; And we did last time that this came up &gt;&gt; And we did last time that this came up show a video of somebody who was using show a video of somebody who was using show a video of somebody who was using it to analyze a stock and he was a total it to analyze a stock and he was a total it to analyze a stock and he was a total novice. And he got really quality novice. And he got really quality novice. And he got really quality analysis for it. All right. This has analysis for it. All right. This has analysis for it. All right. This has been on there for a long time. I don't I been on there for a long time. I don't I been on there for a long time. I don't I don't know why it suddenly picked up don't know why it suddenly picked up don't know why it suddenly picked up this week, but it really took off. It's this week, but it really took off. It's this week, but it really took off. It's from Anthropic, so you know, you can

[9:43] from Anthropic, so you know, you can from Anthropic, so you know, you can trust it. Um, and we got a link to this trust it. Um, and we got a link to this trust it. Um, and we got a link to this so you can go and check it out for so you can go and check it out for so you can go and check it out for yourself. All right. Another one that's yourself. All right. Another one that's yourself. All right. Another one that's a returning one because it keeps a returning one because it keeps a returning one because it keeps growing. 40,000 stars this week. growing. 40,000 stars this week. growing. 40,000 stars this week. Alibaba's code reviewer now leaves the Alibaba's code reviewer now leaves the Alibaba's code reviewer now leaves the terminal. It helps you. This is this is terminal. It helps you. This is this is terminal. It helps you. This is this is basically meant for them internally, but basically meant for them internally, but basically meant for them internally, but now it's for VI coders to ensure that now it's for VI coders to ensure that now it's for VI coders to ensure that their code is is solid and that there their code is is solid and that there their code is is solid and that there aren't bugs and problems. And we've seen aren't bugs and problems. And we've seen aren't bugs and problems. And we've seen people actually sneak bugs into their people actually sneak bugs into their people actually sneak bugs into their software to see if it catches it and has software to see if it catches it and has software to see if it catches it and has caught it.

[10:14] Yeah, I think the the biggest news with Yeah, I think the the biggest news with packages like this are like yeah we you packages like this are like yeah we you packages like this are like yeah we you know we at Gateway X and our portfolio know we at Gateway X and our portfolio know we at Gateway X and our portfolio companies we use tools like this and we companies we use tools like this and we companies we use tools like this and we have been paying for tools like this but have been paying for tools like this but have been paying for tools like this but more and more of these open-source more and more of these open-source more and more of these open-source versions are coming out that just let us versions are coming out that just let us versions are coming out that just let us use our existing cloud subscriptions or use our existing cloud subscriptions or use our existing cloud subscriptions or tokens or whatever and and yeah I I tokens or whatever and and yeah I I tokens or whatever and and yeah I I don't know that it's good news for for don't know that it's good news for for don't know that it's good news for for the people running businesses in this the people running businesses in this the people running businesses in this space but I'm glad to see a lot of open space but I'm glad to see a lot of open space but I'm glad to see a lot of open source competition for the review, pull source competition for the review, pull source competition for the review, pull request, deploy and verify step of of

[10:46] request, deploy and verify step of of request, deploy and verify step of of code production. code production. code production. &gt;&gt; Okay. The thing that happened this week, &gt;&gt; Okay. The thing that happened this week, &gt;&gt; Okay. The thing that happened this week, and I think this is what helped it take and I think this is what helped it take and I think this is what helped it take off, is that now there's like a VS Code off, is that now there's like a VS Code off, is that now there's like a VS Code extension? Why would I need a VS Code extension? Why would I need a VS Code extension? Why would I need a VS Code extension, Adam? Can't I just do what we extension, Adam? Can't I just do what we extension, Adam? Can't I just do what we showed last week, which is just copy the showed last week, which is just copy the showed last week, which is just copy the URL of the repo, give it to my agent, URL of the repo, give it to my agent, URL of the repo, give it to my agent, say, do it? say, do it? say, do it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, you could do everything &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, you could do everything &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, you could do everything code in in a terminal if you wanted. code in in a terminal if you wanted. code in in a terminal if you wanted. People choose VS Code because it gives People choose VS Code because it gives People choose VS Code because it gives you a lot of buttons to work with. you a lot of buttons to work with. you a lot of buttons to work with. There's tabs, there's panes, there's the There's tabs, there's panes, there's the There's tabs, there's panes, there's the buttons down the side, buttons at the buttons down the side, buttons at the buttons down the side, buttons at the bottom, automations, there's settings.

[11:17] bottom, automations, there's settings. bottom, automations, there's settings. It's just a customizable and comfortable It's just a customizable and comfortable It's just a customizable and comfortable interface to work in. And so, an interface to work in. And so, an interface to work in. And so, an extension that that is in VS Code is extension that that is in VS Code is extension that that is in VS Code is going to bring some automation and some going to bring some automation and some going to bring some automation and some buttons that make it even easier to buttons that make it even easier to buttons that make it even easier to interact with a package like this. Take interact with a package like this. Take interact with a package like this. Take take Cloud Code for example. You could take Cloud Code for example. You could take Cloud Code for example. You could open cloud code in your terminal, but a open cloud code in your terminal, but a open cloud code in your terminal, but a lot of people that are listening are lot of people that are listening are lot of people that are listening are probably using cloud code as a plugin probably using cloud code as a plugin probably using cloud code as a plugin inside uh VS Code and that's and cursor inside uh VS Code and that's and cursor inside uh VS Code and that's and cursor is the same kind of setup. It brings is the same kind of setup. It brings is the same kind of setup. It brings those agents and all the other services those agents and all the other services those agents and all the other services like file editing and file managing all

[11:49] like file editing and file managing all like file editing and file managing all in one spot. in one spot. in one spot. &gt;&gt; I see. And so now I get the pain and &gt;&gt; I see. And so now I get the pain and &gt;&gt; I see. And so now I get the pain and more of the features uh that I like more of the features uh that I like more of the features uh that I like about cloud code. Okay. It's from about cloud code. Okay. It's from about cloud code. Okay. It's from Alibaba, Alibaba, Alibaba, which we get so much. Every time I which we get so much. Every time I which we get so much. Every time I feature a Chinese repo, I get so much feature a Chinese repo, I get so much feature a Chinese repo, I get so much flack. All right. flack. All right. flack. All right. Anthropics Claude Code still not open Anthropics Claude Code still not open Anthropics Claude Code still not open source but on GitHub so [laughter] source but on GitHub so [laughter] source but on GitHub so [laughter] so that they could um so that they could so that they could um so that they could so that they could um so that they could get uh feature requests so that they get uh feature requests so that they get uh feature requests so that they could get bugs and the reason that it could get bugs and the reason that it could get bugs and the reason that it took off is now it reads agents.md. took off is now it reads agents.md. took off is now it reads agents.md. Why why does this matter?

[12:19] Why why does this matter? Why why does this matter? &gt;&gt; It it feels like a little win Andrew. It &gt;&gt; It it feels like a little win Andrew. It &gt;&gt; It it feels like a little win Andrew. It feels like a a dumb insignificant change feels like a a dumb insignificant change feels like a a dumb insignificant change but a lot of us really appreciate it. We but a lot of us really appreciate it. We but a lot of us really appreciate it. We when when you're using something like when when you're using something like when when you're using something like codeex or open code or any of these codeex or open code or any of these codeex or open code or any of these other agents, typically they're looking other agents, typically they're looking other agents, typically they're looking at an agents.md file that's in your at an agents.md file that's in your at an agents.md file that's in your project folder or you probably have one project folder or you probably have one project folder or you probably have one that's global on your whole computer and that's global on your whole computer and that's global on your whole computer and that's where the instructions for the that's where the instructions for the that's where the instructions for the agent are. These are the instructions agent are. These are the instructions agent are. These are the instructions like I always want you to check uh the like I always want you to check uh the like I always want you to check uh the files before you load this or here's how

[12:49] files before you load this or here's how files before you load this or here's how we deploy code or here's my design we deploy code or here's my design we deploy code or here's my design guidelines. It's the instructions. It's guidelines. It's the instructions. It's guidelines. It's the instructions. It's the background instructions for the the background instructions for the the background instructions for the agent and Claude has their own claude.m agent and Claude has their own claude.m agent and Claude has their own claude.m MD and it's always been really annoying MD and it's always been really annoying MD and it's always been really annoying that that if you're switching back and that that if you're switching back and that that if you're switching back and forth between multiple agents, they need forth between multiple agents, they need forth between multiple agents, they need different sets of instructions and different sets of instructions and different sets of instructions and you'll remember you'll say, "Oh, I just you'll remember you'll say, "Oh, I just you'll remember you'll say, "Oh, I just updated agents.MD with a new process." updated agents.MD with a new process." updated agents.MD with a new process." You'll forget to update cloud.MD and now You'll forget to update cloud.MD and now You'll forget to update cloud.MD and now when you're talking to to Opus, it's not when you're talking to to Opus, it's not when you're talking to to Opus, it's not going to take those same instructions going to take those same instructions going to take those same instructions because it just doesn't look at agents. because it just doesn't look at agents. because it just doesn't look at agents. MD. So, and there have been hacks for

[13:20] MD. So, and there have been hacks for MD. So, and there have been hacks for this before. People have tried SIP this before. People have tried SIP this before. People have tried SIP links. People have tried referencing the links. People have tried referencing the links. People have tried referencing the files. It's just been a mess. And now files. It's just been a mess. And now files. It's just been a mess. And now the fact that they're going to use the the fact that they're going to use the the fact that they're going to use the same file that everyone else is using same file that everyone else is using same file that everyone else is using means that the mess just goes away. And means that the mess just goes away. And means that the mess just goes away. And everyone can rename their claw.md files everyone can rename their claw.md files everyone can rename their claw.md files to agents.mmd and all the agents that to agents.mmd and all the agents that to agents.mmd and all the agents that you're using are going to see those same you're using are going to see those same you're using are going to see those same instructions now. instructions now. instructions now. &gt;&gt; So I I don't need claw.md anymore. &gt;&gt; So I I don't need claw.md anymore. &gt;&gt; So I I don't need claw.md anymore. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but you need agents.md. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but you need agents.md. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but you need agents.md. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Fair. All right. But &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Fair. All right. But &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Fair. All right. But now when you open up Codeex and talk to now when you open up Codeex and talk to now when you open up Codeex and talk to that same project, you're going to get

[13:51] that same project, you're going to get that same project, you're going to get all the all those same instructions all the all those same instructions all the all those same instructions baked into Codeex, it's just a little baked into Codeex, it's just a little baked into Codeex, it's just a little easier for people that are switching easier for people that are switching easier for people that are switching between agents. And a lot of us are like between agents. And a lot of us are like between agents. And a lot of us are like switching between multiple accounts on switching between multiple accounts on switching between multiple accounts on multiple agents uh to try and use our multiple agents uh to try and use our multiple agents uh to try and use our token budgets as effectively as we can. token budgets as effectively as we can. token budgets as effectively as we can. And this would be especially frustrating And this would be especially frustrating And this would be especially frustrating for those people. And they they should for those people. And they they should for those people. And they they should all be, you know, high-fiving right now. all be, you know, high-fiving right now. all be, you know, high-fiving right now. &gt;&gt; What about skills? Claude uses skills. &gt;&gt; What about skills? Claude uses skills. &gt;&gt; What about skills? Claude uses skills. Doesn't codeex use something else? I Doesn't codeex use something else? I Doesn't codeex use something else? I forget. I still call them skills in forget. I still call them skills in forget. I still call them skills in Codeex. Are they Uh there's some of Codeex. Are they Uh there's some of Codeex. Are they Uh there's some of those things uh some of those things those things uh some of those things those things uh some of those things cross over and some of them don't. So

[14:22] cross over and some of them don't. So cross over and some of them don't. So that is still frustrating. Hopefully that is still frustrating. Hopefully that is still frustrating. Hopefully we'll we'll find some some path there we'll we'll find some some path there we'll we'll find some some path there that that can make them consistent. Just that that can make them consistent. Just that that can make them consistent. Just yesterday I was really frustrated. I was yesterday I was really frustrated. I was yesterday I was really frustrated. I was in a project and I was trying to add you in a project and I was trying to add you in a project and I was trying to add you know do some automation on a Google know do some automation on a Google know do some automation on a Google calendar and it was working and I calendar and it was working and I calendar and it was working and I switched agents and I didn't think about switched agents and I didn't think about switched agents and I didn't think about it and suddenly the agent was like no it and suddenly the agent was like no it and suddenly the agent was like no none of this works. I can't do any of none of this works. I can't do any of none of this works. I can't do any of this. It's like why? And I I back and this. It's like why? And I I back and this. It's like why? And I I back and forth back and forth and it was codecs forth back and forth and it was codecs forth back and forth and it was codecs and and I was talking to Astra and it and and I was talking to Astra and it and and I was talking to Astra and it couldn't figure out that it just didn't couldn't figure out that it just didn't couldn't figure out that it just didn't have the MCP connector installed in have the MCP connector installed in have the MCP connector installed in codec. It was installed on the cloud

[14:53] codec. It was installed on the cloud codec. It was installed on the cloud side but not on the codec side. And it side but not on the codec side. And it side but not on the codec side. And it took me a minute to figure that out. And took me a minute to figure that out. And took me a minute to figure that out. And once I told it, it was like, "Oh, yeah. once I told it, it was like, "Oh, yeah. once I told it, it was like, "Oh, yeah. Well, let's just install it." And then Well, let's just install it." And then Well, let's just install it." And then this whole problem goes away. Come on, this whole problem goes away. Come on, this whole problem goes away. Come on, man. I thought you were supposed to be a man. I thought you were supposed to be a man. I thought you were supposed to be a good model. good model. good model. &gt;&gt; That kind of brings me over to Zapier &gt;&gt; That kind of brings me over to Zapier &gt;&gt; That kind of brings me over to Zapier MCP. If you use Zapier MCP, you could MCP. If you use Zapier MCP, you could MCP. If you use Zapier MCP, you could connect all your MCPs, all your tools connect all your MCPs, all your tools connect all your MCPs, all your tools into one toolbox and then take that into one toolbox and then take that into one toolbox and then take that toolbox to all the different agents that toolbox to all the different agents that toolbox to all the different agents that you're working with. I switched from you're working with. I switched from you're working with. I switched from Hermes to Grobbot one week and all I had Hermes to Grobbot one week and all I had Hermes to Grobbot one week and all I had to do was move the MCP uh information

[15:24] to do was move the MCP uh information to do was move the MCP uh information from one to the other. It was like a URL from one to the other. It was like a URL from one to the other. It was like a URL and uh an API key. I think it was it was and uh an API key. I think it was it was and uh an API key. I think it was it was just two things. I copied and pasted just two things. I copied and pasted just two things. I copied and pasted them in. I had access to it all. And them in. I had access to it all. And them in. I had access to it all. And more importantly, especially in the more importantly, especially in the more importantly, especially in the beginning when I'm using a new agent, I beginning when I'm using a new agent, I beginning when I'm using a new agent, I don't want it to have this the ability don't want it to have this the ability don't want it to have this the ability to send mail on my behalf, to do all to send mail on my behalf, to do all to send mail on my behalf, to do all kinds of funky stuff. And so Zapier lets kinds of funky stuff. And so Zapier lets kinds of funky stuff. And so Zapier lets me control that. You know what? Let me me control that. You know what? Let me me control that. You know what? Let me also talk about Zapier SDK for a minute also talk about Zapier SDK for a minute also talk about Zapier SDK for a minute because this is free. I I wasn't even because this is free. I I wasn't even because this is free. I I wasn't even going to because they don't want me to going to because they don't want me to going to because they don't want me to talk about it anymore, but I got to talk talk about it anymore, but I got to talk talk about it anymore, but I got to talk about it. Dude, this is still this is about it. Dude, this is still this is about it. Dude, this is still this is free. They will let you in the code you free. They will let you in the code you free. They will let you in the code you build connect all the different apps

[15:55] build connect all the different apps build connect all the different apps that your users want. I said, are you that your users want. I said, are you that your users want. I said, are you charging for it? They said, "No, you're charging for it? They said, "No, you're charging for it? They said, "No, you're bringing in years of experience, years bringing in years of experience, years bringing in years of experience, years of connections. You're not charging. Why of connections. You're not charging. Why of connections. You're not charging. Why not?" They said, "Andrew, it's in beta. not?" They said, "Andrew, it's in beta. not?" They said, "Andrew, it's in beta. We're playing with this. We also like to We're playing with this. We also like to We're playing with this. We also like to learn and see how people use it." I learn and see how people use it." I learn and see how people use it." I said, "Okay." And if one day you decide said, "Okay." And if one day you decide said, "Okay." And if one day you decide to charge me a million dollars a day for to charge me a million dollars a day for to charge me a million dollars a day for using it, how easy is it to switch? The using it, how easy is it to switch? The using it, how easy is it to switch? The developer behind it said, "Andrew, so developer behind it said, "Andrew, so developer behind it said, "Andrew, so easy." At that point, then what you do easy." At that point, then what you do easy." At that point, then what you do is you tell your agent, you know, how is you tell your agent, you know, how is you tell your agent, you know, how what what apps our people are using. what what apps our people are using. what what apps our people are using. Write me a connector just for that. This Write me a connector just for that. This Write me a connector just for that. This is incredible that they're still is incredible that they're still is incredible that they're still offering it. I don't expect them to make offering it. I don't expect them to make offering it. I don't expect them to make this available to new people forever.

[16:26] this available to new people forever. this available to new people forever. It's basically the heart and soul of It's basically the heart and soul of It's basically the heart and soul of their business. If you're building, use their business. If you're building, use their business. If you're building, use Zapier SDK. That's zapier.com SDK. I'm Zapier SDK. That's zapier.com SDK. I'm Zapier SDK. That's zapier.com SDK. I'm really beating myself up for saying it really beating myself up for saying it really beating myself up for saying it because literally they told me because literally they told me because literally they told me yesterday, "Stop. It's not even worth yesterday, "Stop. It's not even worth yesterday, "Stop. It's not even worth it." But it's so useful for our people. it." But it's so useful for our people. it." But it's so useful for our people. All right, I got to move on. Next, ECC. All right, I got to move on. Next, ECC. All right, I got to move on. Next, ECC. We've talked about this before because We've talked about this before because We've talked about this before because it continues to grow. This is a skill it continues to grow. This is a skill it continues to grow. This is a skill pack that basically takes this guy's pack that basically takes this guy's pack that basically takes this guy's what is it 10 years of here. Actually, I what is it 10 years of here. Actually, I what is it 10 years of here. Actually, I like this. like this. like this. you know, winner.

[16:56] you know, winner. you know, winner. &gt;&gt; The the most useful parts of these skill &gt;&gt; The the most useful parts of these skill &gt;&gt; The the most useful parts of these skill packs are are you're you're taking packs are are you're you're taking packs are are you're you're taking someone's deep experience. They've got someone's deep experience. They've got someone's deep experience. They've got years and years of experience building years and years of experience building years and years of experience building and they say, "Well, here's all the and they say, "Well, here's all the and they say, "Well, here's all the pieces." And and this one is like pieces." And and this one is like pieces." And and this one is like someone that has more than a decade of someone that has more than a decade of someone that has more than a decade of experience. They built out all of this experience. They built out all of this experience. They built out all of this over over more than a year in Cloud and over over more than a year in Cloud and over over more than a year in Cloud and said, "Well, now I'm going to share said, "Well, now I'm going to share said, "Well, now I'm going to share here's all the tools I use. Here's all here's all the tools I use. Here's all here's all the tools I use. Here's all the tools that I use to to make the the tools that I use to to make the the tools that I use to to make the changes, to deploy code, to test the changes, to deploy code, to test the changes, to deploy code, to test the code." uh to build plans, to design, and

[17:26] code." uh to build plans, to design, and code." uh to build plans, to design, and you can kind of just get that for free. you can kind of just get that for free. you can kind of just get that for free. You get all that experience baked into You get all that experience baked into You get all that experience baked into your cloud for free. [snorts] your cloud for free. [snorts] your cloud for free. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I really admire that he's been &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I really admire that he's been &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I really admire that he's been doing it, that he's been keeping it up, doing it, that he's been keeping it up, doing it, that he's been keeping it up, that he's staying on top of people who that he's staying on top of people who that he's staying on top of people who are using it. Um, and one of the things are using it. Um, and one of the things are using it. Um, and one of the things that you like about this is the remember that you like about this is the remember that you like about this is the remember and improve part of the build process and improve part of the build process and improve part of the build process that he goes through. Why is that so that he goes through. Why is that so that he goes through. Why is that so important? Um the the the first piece of important? Um the the the first piece of important? Um the the the first piece of this plan, test, implement, review, this plan, test, implement, review, this plan, test, implement, review, verify, that's very standard. That's verify, that's very standard. That's verify, that's very standard. That's you're going to see that in a lot of you're going to see that in a lot of you're going to see that in a lot of similar skill packs. Remember and

[17:57] similar skill packs. Remember and similar skill packs. Remember and improve are very interesting additions improve are very interesting additions improve are very interesting additions here because they're going to help train here because they're going to help train here because they're going to help train whatever agent you're using by making whatever agent you're using by making whatever agent you're using by making edits to the agents MD file or by edits to the agents MD file or by edits to the agents MD file or by recording other memories or saving recording other memories or saving recording other memories or saving scripts so that the next time you go scripts so that the next time you go scripts so that the next time you go through this loop from plan to verify, through this loop from plan to verify, through this loop from plan to verify, it should go easier. The agent should be it should go easier. The agent should be it should go easier. The agent should be better at it. It should make better better at it. It should make better better at it. It should make better recommendations and it should be easier recommendations and it should be easier recommendations and it should be easier for you to interact with it because it's for you to interact with it because it's for you to interact with it because it's actually learning. A lot of these skip actually learning. A lot of these skip actually learning. A lot of these skip this learning step and it means every this learning step and it means every this learning step and it means every single time you're going to hit the same

[18:27] single time you're going to hit the same single time you're going to hit the same blockers. You're going to hit the same blockers. You're going to hit the same blockers. You're going to hit the same problems. Maybe you've got that 10 years problems. Maybe you've got that 10 years problems. Maybe you've got that 10 years of experience, but you're stuck in that of experience, but you're stuck in that of experience, but you're stuck in that moment in time. You're never going to moment in time. You're never going to moment in time. You're never going to get more. Well, this is going to let get more. Well, this is going to let get more. Well, this is going to let your agent learn. your agent learn. your agent learn. &gt;&gt; All right. And I've been passing through &gt;&gt; All right. And I've been passing through &gt;&gt; All right. And I've been passing through a lot of the videos that I find um in a lot of the videos that I find um in a lot of the videos that I find um in here. If you want it, we'll have a link here. If you want it, we'll have a link here. If you want it, we'll have a link to this below. Next is Nora. This is a to this below. Next is Nora. This is a to this below. Next is Nora. This is a way of organizing your files and you way of organizing your files and you way of organizing your files and you have a good analogy for this and you have a good analogy for this and you have a good analogy for this and you also like that we scroll down to show also like that we scroll down to show also like that we scroll down to show the actual images. What how would you the actual images. What how would you the actual images. What how would you describe this?

[18:58] describe this? describe this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Nora, you know, maybe it's maybe &gt;&gt; Yeah, Nora, you know, maybe it's maybe &gt;&gt; Yeah, Nora, you know, maybe it's maybe it's like Obsidian plus rag plus a graph it's like Obsidian plus rag plus a graph it's like Obsidian plus rag plus a graph database plus some extra integrations. database plus some extra integrations. database plus some extra integrations. And and the idea is that instead of And and the idea is that instead of And and the idea is that instead of having to put everything in yourself and having to put everything in yourself and having to put everything in yourself and manage the structure and organization of manage the structure and organization of manage the structure and organization of it yourself, which is something I have it yourself, which is something I have it yourself, which is something I have never been never had enough patience to never been never had enough patience to never been never had enough patience to do, you could just point this at your do, you could just point this at your do, you could just point this at your computer and all your files and it will computer and all your files and it will computer and all your files and it will build those relationships automatically. build those relationships automatically. build those relationships automatically. It's going to look at the files, look at It's going to look at the files, look at It's going to look at the files, look at the content and say, "Oh, these two

[19:28] the content and say, "Oh, these two the content and say, "Oh, these two relate. Oh, here's a receipt that's in relate. Oh, here's a receipt that's in relate. Oh, here's a receipt that's in your downloads folder that relates to your downloads folder that relates to your downloads folder that relates to this project over here." Well, now in this project over here." Well, now in this project over here." Well, now in the graph database, those are going to the graph database, those are going to the graph database, those are going to be connected. So, when you open up the be connected. So, when you open up the be connected. So, when you open up the wiki or when you search, you're going to wiki or when you search, you're going to wiki or when you search, you're going to see all of the relevant context uh for see all of the relevant context uh for see all of the relevant context uh for whatever it is, the project, for your whatever it is, the project, for your whatever it is, the project, for your finances, for really anything, anything finances, for really anything, anything finances, for really anything, anything that that you have in files on your that that you have in files on your that that you have in files on your computer. You know, speaking of Jev, I computer. You know, speaking of Jev, I computer. You know, speaking of Jev, I I've got a video coming out, I think on I've got a video coming out, I think on I've got a video coming out, I think on Saturday, where someone showed how he Saturday, where someone showed how he Saturday, where someone showed how he has his personal memory system on a in has his personal memory system on a in has his personal memory system on a in folders, and now because of Jev, it will

[20:00] folders, and now because of Jev, it will folders, and now because of Jev, it will make better decisions on how and find make better decisions on how and find make better decisions on how and find things in that system faster because he things in that system faster because he things in that system faster because he had structured it well. And now he's got had structured it well. And now he's got had structured it well. And now he's got a system in place uh that will that will a system in place uh that will that will a system in place uh that will that will find it. And it's incredible. I I can't find it. And it's incredible. I I can't find it. And it's incredible. I I can't wait to show that video. Um all right, wait to show that video. Um all right, wait to show that video. Um all right, so there it is. This will organize your so there it is. This will organize your so there it is. This will organize your files and make them easier to easier to files and make them easier to easier to files and make them easier to easier to access. Next, another set of agent access. Next, another set of agent access. Next, another set of agent skills. A senior engineer. This guy, I skills. A senior engineer. This guy, I skills. A senior engineer. This guy, I think, used to work for Anthropic. Yeah, think, used to work for Anthropic. Yeah, think, used to work for Anthropic. Yeah, there it is. Anthropic engineer, ex there it is. Anthropic engineer, ex there it is. Anthropic engineer, ex Googler. Spent 40 years at Google. 14 Googler. Spent 40 years at Google. 14 Googler. Spent 40 years at Google. 14 years at Google, actually. And he put

[20:30] years at Google, actually. And he put years at Google, actually. And he put down everything that he knew into a uh down everything that he knew into a uh down everything that he knew into a uh into a collection of folders. You know into a collection of folders. You know into a collection of folders. You know what? We actually asked the AI, let me what? We actually asked the AI, let me what? We actually asked the AI, let me see if I could if I got it. We asked see if I could if I got it. We asked see if I could if I got it. We asked Claude to compare it. There it is. to Claude to compare it. There it is. to Claude to compare it. There it is. to ECC. Let's look at it for the very first ECC. Let's look at it for the very first ECC. Let's look at it for the very first time time time verse ECC. Come on. There it is. So, verse ECC. Come on. There it is. So, verse ECC. Come on. There it is. So, let's see. let's see. let's see. ECC obviously has a lot more stars. ECC obviously has a lot more stars. ECC obviously has a lot more stars. Both have license that are reasonable. Both have license that are reasonable. Both have license that are reasonable. Agent skills has only 25 skills versus

[21:03] Agent skills has only 25 skills versus Agent skills has only 25 skills versus 292 skills, but that's okay. Both work 292 skills, but that's okay. Both work 292 skills, but that's okay. Both work with all models. This really didn't give with all models. This really didn't give with all models. This really didn't give us anything that's super helpful, did us anything that's super helpful, did us anything that's super helpful, did it? it? it? &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; I I think the biggest changes I'm seeing &gt;&gt; I I think the biggest changes I'm seeing &gt;&gt; I I think the biggest changes I'm seeing here is that the one on the left, the here is that the one on the left, the here is that the one on the left, the agent skills, is probably a little agent skills, is probably a little agent skills, is probably a little easier to install and the one on the easier to install and the one on the easier to install and the one on the right has hundreds of skills versus 25 right has hundreds of skills versus 25 right has hundreds of skills versus 25 on the left. And so with ECC, you're on the left. And so with ECC, you're on the left. And so with ECC, you're going to have to do a little bit more going to have to do a little bit more going to have to do a little bit more work to pick and choose exactly the the work to pick and choose exactly the the work to pick and choose exactly the the components you got. Maybe the the

[21:33] components you got. Maybe the the components you got. Maybe the the analogy here is that ECC is like a full analogy here is that ECC is like a full analogy here is that ECC is like a full workshop with all the tools, quality workshop with all the tools, quality workshop with all the tools, quality tools, everything you could imagine. And tools, everything you could imagine. And tools, everything you could imagine. And you step in there, if you're if you're you step in there, if you're if you're you step in there, if you're if you're an advanced user, you'd say, "Awesome. an advanced user, you'd say, "Awesome. an advanced user, you'd say, "Awesome. This is the setup I want." If you're if This is the setup I want." If you're if This is the setup I want." If you're if you're a new user, it's a little you're a new user, it's a little you're a new user, it's a little overwhelming. And the agent skills on overwhelming. And the agent skills on overwhelming. And the agent skills on the left with only 25 skills, it's like the left with only 25 skills, it's like the left with only 25 skills, it's like a toolbox, right? It's like, "Look, a toolbox, right? It's like, "Look, a toolbox, right? It's like, "Look, Andrew, there's one of every basic tool. Andrew, there's one of every basic tool. Andrew, there's one of every basic tool. You have everything you need. There's You have everything you need. There's You have everything you need. There's nothing in here that you're not going to nothing in here that you're not going to nothing in here that you're not going to understand. and it's easy to get going

[22:03] understand. and it's easy to get going understand. and it's easy to get going with it. So maybe agent skills is easier with it. So maybe agent skills is easier with it. So maybe agent skills is easier if you're just getting into this and ECC if you're just getting into this and ECC if you're just getting into this and ECC is is more for the power user who's is is more for the power user who's is is more for the power user who's going to be a little bit more uh going to be a little bit more uh going to be a little bit more uh discriminated on which tool they'll pick discriminated on which tool they'll pick discriminated on which tool they'll pick and why. You know, I read the comments and why. You know, I read the comments and why. You know, I read the comments obsessively. So I'm going to ask you all obsessively. So I'm going to ask you all obsessively. So I'm going to ask you all in the comments, do you want me to have in the comments, do you want me to have in the comments, do you want me to have Mustafa Afan Mustafa who created ECC, Mustafa Afan Mustafa who created ECC, Mustafa Afan Mustafa who created ECC, which has over a quarter million stars, which has over a quarter million stars, which has over a quarter million stars, do you want me to do a full walkthrough do you want me to do a full walkthrough do you want me to do a full walkthrough of his of his uh skills here? He and I of his of his uh skills here? He and I of his of his uh skills here? He and I have been talking and I've been trying have been talking and I've been trying have been talking and I've been trying to think of what to do. Do you want me to think of what to do. Do you want me to think of what to do. Do you want me to have him on to do that and what would

[22:34] to have him on to do that and what would to have him on to do that and what would you want to know from him? Let's hear you want to know from him? Let's hear you want to know from him? Let's hear about it in the comments. Moded API about it in the comments. Moded API about it in the comments. Moded API second sponsor. I'm going to do this one second sponsor. I'm going to do this one second sponsor. I'm going to do this one quickly because uh honestly they're not quickly because uh honestly they're not quickly because uh honestly they're not paying for this. I just love it and I paying for this. I just love it and I paying for this. I just love it and I don't think I I I communicated how great don't think I I I communicated how great don't think I I I communicated how great it was last time. We have all these it was last time. We have all these it was last time. We have all these different tools that we want to give our different tools that we want to give our different tools that we want to give our agents. Everything from uh Tik Tok agents. Everything from uh Tik Tok agents. Everything from uh Tik Tok scraping to Apollo for finding email scraping to Apollo for finding email scraping to Apollo for finding email addresses to um what else is in here? addresses to um what else is in here? addresses to um what else is in here? voices from 11 Labs. Do we go and create voices from 11 Labs. Do we go and create voices from 11 Labs. Do we go and create a bunch of different accounts and then a bunch of different accounts and then a bunch of different accounts and then send our agent to go and take care of

[23:05] send our agent to go and take care of send our agent to go and take care of all those accounts and then we have all those accounts and then we have all those accounts and then we have minimum payments with each one of these minimum payments with each one of these minimum payments with each one of these accounts and then we have different API accounts and then we have different API accounts and then we have different API um keys for each of them or do we just um keys for each of them or do we just um keys for each of them or do we just come to Monid? And if we do with Monid, come to Monid? And if we do with Monid, come to Monid? And if we do with Monid, we have over 2,000 of these tools all in we have over 2,000 of these tools all in we have over 2,000 of these tools all in one place, one bill, and you only pay one place, one bill, and you only pay one place, one bill, and you only pay for what you use. That's the beauty of for what you use. That's the beauty of for what you use. That's the beauty of this. It's an easy sell. If you want it, this. It's an easy sell. If you want it, this. It's an easy sell. If you want it, I've got a link for you to use it down I've got a link for you to use it down I've got a link for you to use it down below. All right. below. All right. below. All right. Next, another set of plugins from Next, another set of plugins from Next, another set of plugins from Anthropic. Anthropic. Anthropic. You and I talked about these skills um

[23:35] You and I talked about these skills um You and I talked about these skills um before. I This is for uh knowledge before. I This is for uh knowledge before. I This is for uh knowledge workers. It's a collection of skills workers. It's a collection of skills workers. It's a collection of skills like how to do finance, human resources, like how to do finance, human resources, like how to do finance, human resources, legal, marketing, operations. legal, marketing, operations. legal, marketing, operations. What What were we saying about this What What were we saying about this What What were we saying about this before? before? before? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, I I think this is a good &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, I I think this is a good &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, I I think this is a good example. There's so many different example. There's so many different example. There's so many different skills in this one, so many different skills in this one, so many different skills in this one, so many different plugins that this is probably a great plugins that this is probably a great plugins that this is probably a great spot for for the everyman to level up. spot for for the everyman to level up. spot for for the everyman to level up. Let's say you're starting a new Let's say you're starting a new Let's say you're starting a new business. You say, "Well, I'm selling business. You say, "Well, I'm selling business. You say, "Well, I'm selling this and I'm really good at these

[24:05] this and I'm really good at these this and I'm really good at these things, but I'm not as good at finance. things, but I'm not as good at finance. things, but I'm not as good at finance. I'm not, you know, I need help on the I'm not, you know, I need help on the I'm not, you know, I need help on the legal side. I don't really know how to legal side. I don't really know how to legal side. I don't really know how to run marketing or sales." you would go to run marketing or sales." you would go to run marketing or sales." you would go to a package like this and and really bake a package like this and and really bake a package like this and and really bake in like awesome now I have a marketer on in like awesome now I have a marketer on in like awesome now I have a marketer on my team and that marketer is going to my team and that marketer is going to my team and that marketer is going to run through this marketing plugin and I run through this marketing plugin and I run through this marketing plugin and I have a legal person and and when you have a legal person and and when you have a legal person and and when you know my investor sends me a doc I know my investor sends me a doc I know my investor sends me a doc I actually have somebody I could talk to actually have somebody I could talk to actually have somebody I could talk to and I don't have to pay them to to talk and I don't have to pay them to to talk and I don't have to pay them to to talk to them. So that that's how I I I think to them. So that that's how I I I think to them. So that that's how I I I think most people will use this and if you're most people will use this and if you're most people will use this and if you're a marketing expert I would trust that a marketing expert I would trust that a marketing expert I would trust that Anthropic has really done a good job at

[24:36] Anthropic has really done a good job at Anthropic has really done a good job at curating these and designing these. I'd curating these and designing these. I'd curating these and designing these. I'd say, well, I want to go and look at the say, well, I want to go and look at the say, well, I want to go and look at the marketing plugin and learn what did they marketing plugin and learn what did they marketing plugin and learn what did they build and why and what was the structure build and why and what was the structure build and why and what was the structure and what would I build that's custom for and what would I build that's custom for and what would I build that's custom for me and my organization that's really me and my organization that's really me and my organization that's really going to get the power out of out of going to get the power out of out of going to get the power out of out of these agents. these agents. these agents. &gt;&gt; You know what? I'm going to give this to &gt;&gt; You know what? I'm going to give this to &gt;&gt; You know what? I'm going to give this to our hyper agent and I'm going to say our hyper agent and I'm going to say our hyper agent and I'm going to say based on how our team has been using based on how our team has been using based on how our team has been using agents and what you've seen us do on agents and what you've seen us do on agents and what you've seen us do on Slack, which of these skills can we use Slack, which of these skills can we use Slack, which of these skills can we use to level up and then see what it comes to level up and then see what it comes to level up and then see what it comes back with? All right, it's from back with? All right, it's from back with? All right, it's from Anthropic. Great source. Number eight

[25:07] Anthropic. Great source. Number eight Anthropic. Great source. Number eight most popular repo of the week. The uh most popular repo of the week. The uh most popular repo of the week. The uh the one that's trending is Orca. Run the one that's trending is Orca. Run the one that's trending is Orca. Run five coding agents at once. Keep the five coding agents at once. Keep the five coding agents at once. Keep the best. It's got 77,000 stars. I think best. It's got 77,000 stars. I think best. It's got 77,000 stars. I think their one screenshot, and you're really their one screenshot, and you're really their one screenshot, and you're really big on including screenshots in the big on including screenshots in the big on including screenshots in the readme files. I think this says so much. readme files. I think this says so much. readme files. I think this says so much. Here it is. What you're looking at is Here it is. What you're looking at is Here it is. What you're looking at is and they actually have I think a few and they actually have I think a few and they actually have I think a few different ones here is different ones here is different ones here is you basically can have all these you basically can have all these you basically can have all these different agents in a single window that different agents in a single window that different agents in a single window that you can chat with. So here you can see

[25:38] you can chat with. So here you can see you can chat with. So here you can see claude code. You can also then have claude code. You can also then have claude code. You can also then have codecs like you have right there and you codecs like you have right there and you codecs like you have right there and you can then chat with all of them in a can then chat with all of them in a can then chat with all of them in a single interface that also has a mobile single interface that also has a mobile single interface that also has a mobile connection. &gt;&gt; What else do we need to know? &gt;&gt; What else do we need to know? &gt;&gt; This is awesome. I I'll I'll tell I'll &gt;&gt; This is awesome. I I'll I'll tell I'll &gt;&gt; This is awesome. I I'll I'll tell I'll tell you why. We've been we've talked a tell you why. We've been we've talked a tell you why. We've been we've talked a lot about VS Code. A lot of people are lot about VS Code. A lot of people are lot about VS Code. A lot of people are using VS Code or derivatives of it. And using VS Code or derivatives of it. And using VS Code or derivatives of it. And VS Code is good because it brings a nice VS Code is good because it brings a nice VS Code is good because it brings a nice interface to the code and the terminal interface to the code and the terminal interface to the code and the terminal and everything else, but it's designed and everything else, but it's designed and everything else, but it's designed around the code. And if you're if you're

[26:10] around the code. And if you're if you're around the code. And if you're if you're using VS Code today, there's a really using VS Code today, there's a really using VS Code today, there's a really good chance that there's no code on your good chance that there's no code on your good chance that there's no code on your screen. It's an agent and an agent and screen. It's an agent and an agent and screen. It's an agent and an agent and the folder and a plugin over here. And the folder and a plugin over here. And the folder and a plugin over here. And and VS Code really is still designed and VS Code really is still designed and VS Code really is still designed around the code. So, Orca seems to be a around the code. So, Orca seems to be a around the code. So, Orca seems to be a similar type of interface, but designed similar type of interface, but designed similar type of interface, but designed around the agents. You could see the around the agents. You could see the around the agents. You could see the code if you want, but really the thing code if you want, but really the thing code if you want, but really the thing that it's trying to show you is all of that it's trying to show you is all of that it's trying to show you is all of the different agents that are working, the different agents that are working, the different agents that are working, the files that are there, the different the files that are there, the different the files that are there, the different work trees, which we've talked about work trees, which we've talked about work trees, which we've talked about before. It's it's a great way to let

[26:40] before. It's it's a great way to let before. It's it's a great way to let agents work on one project in parallel agents work on one project in parallel agents work on one project in parallel without, you know, butting heads with without, you know, butting heads with without, you know, butting heads with each other. And this this tool brings each other. And this this tool brings each other. And this this tool brings all of that into a nice interface. So I all of that into a nice interface. So I all of that into a nice interface. So I think maybe I would call this the new think maybe I would call this the new think maybe I would call this the new era of VS Code and the new era of of era of VS Code and the new era of of era of VS Code and the new era of of idees. Tools like this will replace idees. Tools like this will replace idees. Tools like this will replace IntelliJ and these other you know tools IntelliJ and these other you know tools IntelliJ and these other you know tools that we've been using for two decades. that we've been using for two decades. that we've been using for two decades. &gt;&gt; I've been doing a lot of interviews Adam &gt;&gt; I've been doing a lot of interviews Adam &gt;&gt; I've been doing a lot of interviews Adam and I'm surprised by how many people and I'm surprised by how many people and I'm surprised by how many people live in just um Claude code in the cloud live in just um Claude code in the cloud live in just um Claude code in the cloud code app that Claude created including I

[27:12] code app that Claude created including I code app that Claude created including I was having a private conversation with was having a private conversation with was having a private conversation with someone from Nvidia and I said show me someone from Nvidia and I said show me someone from Nvidia and I said show me how you build this. show me how I use how you build this. show me how I use how you build this. show me how I use this thing that you made. And he just this thing that you made. And he just this thing that you made. And he just does it in claw code. And the amazing does it in claw code. And the amazing does it in claw code. And the amazing thing for me is that they're missing out thing for me is that they're missing out thing for me is that they're missing out on like on like on like &gt;&gt; Astra when it's amazing. And the ability &gt;&gt; Astra when it's amazing. And the ability &gt;&gt; Astra when it's amazing. And the ability to have them both work together. It's to have them both work together. It's to have them both work together. It's phenomenal. Like I will even on these phenomenal. Like I will even on these phenomenal. Like I will even on these pages, I will sometimes have Astra come pages, I will sometimes have Astra come pages, I will sometimes have Astra come in and find the videos because I get in and find the videos because I get in and find the videos because I get really annoyed at the clips that I end really annoyed at the clips that I end really annoyed at the clips that I end up finding from uh from Fable, but then up finding from uh from Fable, but then up finding from uh from Fable, but then I have Fable create the the text and I have Fable create the the text and I have Fable create the the text and find the charts and all that. and having

[27:44] find the charts and all that. and having find the charts and all that. and having them work together is phenomenal. If them work together is phenomenal. If them work together is phenomenal. If you're living in one, you're really you're living in one, you're really you're living in one, you're really missing out. And and that's not even to missing out. And and that's not even to missing out. And and that's not even to say go beyond that to some of the say go beyond that to some of the say go beyond that to some of the cheaper models and just have it go crazy cheaper models and just have it go crazy cheaper models and just have it go crazy without thinking about uh payment. It's without thinking about uh payment. It's without thinking about uh payment. It's just amazing altogether. just amazing altogether. just amazing altogether. All right, number nine for the week. All right, number nine for the week. All right, number nine for the week. This is from 10 cents. So, those of you This is from 10 cents. So, those of you This is from 10 cents. So, those of you who are upset with me for featuring so who are upset with me for featuring so who are upset with me for featuring so many Chinese, this is the time to go many Chinese, this is the time to go many Chinese, this is the time to go into the into the comments and let me into the into the comments and let me into the into the comments and let me know. This one has only 4,900 stars, so know. This one has only 4,900 stars, so know. This one has only 4,900 stars, so it's fairly small compared to the it's fairly small compared to the it's fairly small compared to the others. It's an AI crew for your whole

[28:15] others. It's an AI crew for your whole others. It's an AI crew for your whole team on the m on one machine. team on the m on one machine. team on the m on one machine. Here it is. Here it is. Here it is. It's basically their It's basically their It's basically their This is their opensource version of This is their opensource version of This is their opensource version of Grockbot, I would guess, is is the way Grockbot, I would guess, is is the way Grockbot, I would guess, is is the way to say it to say it to say it &gt;&gt; for for a team of people to use it. Now, &gt;&gt; for for a team of people to use it. Now, &gt;&gt; for for a team of people to use it. Now, is this meant for families? Let me just is this meant for families? Let me just is this meant for families? Let me just see. Family. Yeah, look at this. So for see. Family. Yeah, look at this. So for see. Family. Yeah, look at this. So for teams, for families, and when we looked teams, for families, and when we looked teams, for families, and when we looked at it and we said, "How do you connect at it and we said, "How do you connect at it and we said, "How do you connect into this?" It's like still using into this?" It's like still using into this?" It's like still using Telegram. Families are not going to not

[28:45] Telegram. Families are not going to not Telegram. Families are not going to not going to get into Telegram. It's missing going to get into Telegram. It's missing going to get into Telegram. It's missing a lot of like huge a lot of like huge a lot of like huge &gt;&gt; Well, it's Yeah, it's a collection of &gt;&gt; Well, it's Yeah, it's a collection of &gt;&gt; Well, it's Yeah, it's a collection of apps that are more popular in in Asia apps that are more popular in in Asia apps that are more popular in in Asia than they are in America. So, this this than they are in America. So, this this than they are in America. So, this this is this tool has an audience, and it's is this tool has an audience, and it's is this tool has an audience, and it's most likely not uh people in the United most likely not uh people in the United most likely not uh people in the United States. It's QQ. It's I don't know, States. It's QQ. It's I don't know, States. It's QQ. It's I don't know, there's a list somewhere on here. Um, there's a list somewhere on here. Um, there's a list somewhere on here. Um, Telegram is on there. Telegram is on there. Telegram is on there. But I don't I don't think like WhatsApp. But I don't I don't think like WhatsApp. But I don't I don't think like WhatsApp. [snorts] [snorts] [snorts] Yeah, there you go. So talk. Yeah, we So Yeah, there you go. So talk. Yeah, we So Yeah, there you go. So talk. Yeah, we So so those are it's just it's just not you

[29:15] so those are it's just it's just not you so those are it's just it's just not you know it's nothing saying that they won't know it's nothing saying that they won't know it's nothing saying that they won't also build those integrations that would also build those integrations that would also build those integrations that would be more popular in in North America but be more popular in in North America but be more popular in in North America but but right now this looks like it's but right now this looks like it's but right now this looks like it's targeted more for Asia. targeted more for Asia. targeted more for Asia. &gt;&gt; All right, there's me bring my US &gt;&gt; All right, there's me bring my US &gt;&gt; All right, there's me bring my US worldview. You're 100% right. the fact worldview. You're 100% right. the fact worldview. You're 100% right. the fact that I don't use it here and I just need that I don't use it here and I just need that I don't use it here and I just need iMessage doesn't mean other places they iMessage doesn't mean other places they iMessage doesn't mean other places they um that they're looking like that too. I um that they're looking like that too. I um that they're looking like that too. I will say this, there is really good room will say this, there is really good room will say this, there is really good room for somebody to create a Hermes agent for somebody to create a Hermes agent for somebody to create a Hermes agent for families and it might end up being for families and it might end up being for families and it might end up being uh Muse from uh from Meta, but boy, I

[29:46] uh Muse from uh from Meta, but boy, I uh Muse from uh from Meta, but boy, I would love to get my my wife onto it and would love to get my my wife onto it and would love to get my my wife onto it and it has to be super simple for her to use it has to be super simple for her to use it has to be super simple for her to use it. I'd love to even get my kids into it. I'd love to even get my kids into it. I'd love to even get my kids into it. We're [snorts] not there yet. Okay, it. We're [snorts] not there yet. Okay, it. We're [snorts] not there yet. Okay, claude code templates. This is a claude code templates. This is a claude code templates. This is a collection of Claude Code add-ons. I collection of Claude Code add-ons. I collection of Claude Code add-ons. I actually don't even think it's actually don't even think it's actually don't even think it's necessarily just for Claude code. It's a necessarily just for Claude code. It's a necessarily just for Claude code. It's a I think that you and I as we went I think that you and I as we went I think that you and I as we went through it, we said this is the best way through it, we said this is the best way through it, we said this is the best way to show off what this is, even though to show off what this is, even though to show off what this is, even though you can just connect it in to your you can just connect it in to your you can just connect it in to your agent. How would you describe this? agent. How would you describe this? agent. How would you describe this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, we we've looked at a lot

[30:17] &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, we we've looked at a lot &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, we we've looked at a lot of skills, a lot of plugins, a lot of of skills, a lot of plugins, a lot of of skills, a lot of plugins, a lot of copy and pasteable commands, and when copy and pasteable commands, and when copy and pasteable commands, and when you're looking at them on GitHub, you you're looking at them on GitHub, you you're looking at them on GitHub, you really had to have had a link to look at really had to have had a link to look at really had to have had a link to look at it there. like GitHub is not a good it there. like GitHub is not a good it there. like GitHub is not a good place to browse and discover these place to browse and discover these place to browse and discover these things. And so when I look at tools like things. And so when I look at tools like things. And so when I look at tools like this, I really appreciate that they can this, I really appreciate that they can this, I really appreciate that they can create a marketplace to bring skills, create a marketplace to bring skills, create a marketplace to bring skills, agents, commands, plugins, MCP agents, commands, plugins, MCP agents, commands, plugins, MCP connectors together all in one spot. And connectors together all in one spot. And connectors together all in one spot. And look, you can see which ones are look, you can see which ones are look, you can see which ones are downloaded most often. You could see downloaded most often. You could see downloaded most often. You could see which ones have the most stars. You can

[30:48] which ones have the most stars. You can which ones have the most stars. You can compare, you can search, you could see compare, you can search, you could see compare, you can search, you could see the code if you want, but but it's just the code if you want, but but it's just the code if you want, but but it's just a really nice interface to explore tools a really nice interface to explore tools a really nice interface to explore tools that might be relevant to you. So, this that might be relevant to you. So, this that might be relevant to you. So, this would be a a worthy of a bookmark. And would be a a worthy of a bookmark. And would be a a worthy of a bookmark. And when I'm looking for something to help when I'm looking for something to help when I'm looking for something to help with design or I'm looking to for with design or I'm looking to for with design or I'm looking to for something to help with uh how to review something to help with uh how to review something to help with uh how to review poll requests or whatever, this would be poll requests or whatever, this would be poll requests or whatever, this would be your your one-stop shop to say, well, is your your one-stop shop to say, well, is your your one-stop shop to say, well, is it a MCP tool that I need? Is it a it a MCP tool that I need? Is it a it a MCP tool that I need? Is it a plugin that I need? Uh how many stars do plugin that I need? Uh how many stars do plugin that I need? Uh how many stars do they have? which one should I download they have? which one should I download they have? which one should I download and and why? And this tool just makes it

[31:19] and and why? And this tool just makes it and and why? And this tool just makes it brings it all into one spot. Now, brings it all into one spot. Now, brings it all into one spot. Now, Andrew, I'd point out there's not too Andrew, I'd point out there's not too Andrew, I'd point out there's not too many here yet. There's only 800 900 many here yet. There's only 800 900 many here yet. There's only 800 900 skills. There's 34 plugins, but I kind skills. There's 34 plugins, but I kind skills. There's 34 plugins, but I kind of like that they're curated a little of like that they're curated a little of like that they're curated a little bit because it makes it easier to wade bit because it makes it easier to wade bit because it makes it easier to wade through the the the ones that are, you through the the the ones that are, you through the the the ones that are, you know, maybe not quite so reputable. And know, maybe not quite so reputable. And know, maybe not quite so reputable. And I I would trust tools from a a platform I I would trust tools from a a platform I I would trust tools from a a platform like this a little bit more. like this a little bit more. like this a little bit more. And there's ECC right at the top. Right And there's ECC right at the top. Right And there's ECC right at the top. Right &gt;&gt; there it is. You know, for a lot of &gt;&gt; there it is. You know, for a lot of &gt;&gt; there it is. You know, for a lot of people, GitHub is kind of like a a

[31:49] people, GitHub is kind of like a a people, GitHub is kind of like a a supermarket where they go in and they supermarket where they go in and they supermarket where they go in and they find the things they need, but it's not find the things they need, but it's not find the things they need, but it's not very user friendly. I wonder if there's very user friendly. I wonder if there's very user friendly. I wonder if there's if there's room for this to end up if there's room for this to end up if there's room for this to end up creating the userfriendly version of creating the userfriendly version of creating the userfriendly version of that, the marketplace, that, the marketplace, that, the marketplace, um, and maybe start off by scraping um, and maybe start off by scraping um, and maybe start off by scraping everything off of GitHub and linking everything off of GitHub and linking everything off of GitHub and linking into GitHub, but eventually becoming a into GitHub, but eventually becoming a into GitHub, but eventually becoming a place where people will host their own place where people will host their own place where people will host their own uh their own tools for normies to come uh their own tools for normies to come uh their own tools for normies to come in and start adding what they need. But in and start adding what they need. But in and start adding what they need. But it's pretty popular. 31,000 stars it's pretty popular. 31,000 stars it's pretty popular. 31,000 stars already. already. already. All right, there it is for the week.

[32:20] All right, there it is for the week. All right, there it is for the week. Obviously, like and follow. Let me just Obviously, like and follow. Let me just Obviously, like and follow. Let me just say one fun thing that I've been doing say one fun thing that I've been doing say one fun thing that I've been doing this week, Adam. And if there's anything this week, Adam. And if there's anything this week, Adam. And if there's anything that you've been doing or building that you've been doing or building that you've been doing or building that's fun this week, I'd love to hear that's fun this week, I'd love to hear that's fun this week, I'd love to hear from you. My most fun thing that I did from you. My most fun thing that I did from you. My most fun thing that I did this week is I work with this agent in this week is I work with this agent in this week is I work with this agent in Grockbot that will see when I get Grockbot that will see when I get Grockbot that will see when I get passionate on calls like this through passionate on calls like this through passionate on calls like this through Granola or in our Slack. If I curse, if Granola or in our Slack. If I curse, if Granola or in our Slack. If I curse, if there's an Fbomb in there, it means I'm there's an Fbomb in there, it means I'm there's an Fbomb in there, it means I'm super passionate. It catches those and super passionate. It catches those and super passionate. It catches those and it comes back to me the next day and he it comes back to me the next day and he it comes back to me the next day and he says, "Here are the three things that says, "Here are the three things that

[32:50] says, "Here are the three things that you are most passionate about. You might you are most passionate about. You might you are most passionate about. You might want to share them on social media or want to share them on social media or want to share them on social media or maybe you might want to email people who maybe you might want to email people who maybe you might want to email people who you want to have on as guests. Send that you want to have on as guests. Send that you want to have on as guests. Send that over to them." And I've just been seeing over to them." And I've just been seeing over to them." And I've just been seeing that there's so many things that I'm that there's so many things that I'm that there's so many things that I'm doing that I'm excited about that I've doing that I'm excited about that I've doing that I'm excited about that I've done that I should be sharing that it done that I should be sharing that it done that I should be sharing that it helps me get other guests by saying, helps me get other guests by saying, helps me get other guests by saying, "Look at how amazing this video did." "Look at how amazing this video did." "Look at how amazing this video did." helps me post publicly, but also every helps me post publicly, but also every helps me post publicly, but also every day I get this congratulations of look day I get this congratulations of look day I get this congratulations of look at three things that you got super fired at three things that you got super fired at three things that you got super fired up about and sometimes super pissed up about and sometimes super pissed up about and sometimes super pissed about. about. about. &gt;&gt; That's pretty cool. I I appreciate that. &gt;&gt; That's pretty cool. I I appreciate that. &gt;&gt; That's pretty cool. I I appreciate that. I uh

[33:20] I uh I uh &gt;&gt; What about you? &gt;&gt; What about you? &gt;&gt; What about you? &gt;&gt; You know, I've spent most of my week I I &gt;&gt; You know, I've spent most of my week I I &gt;&gt; You know, I've spent most of my week I I use I use T3 code. It's kind of an Orca use I use T3 code. It's kind of an Orca use I use T3 code. It's kind of an Orca competitor, Paperclip competitor of competitor, Paperclip competitor of competitor, Paperclip competitor of They're all different. Uh but but I've They're all different. Uh but but I've They're all different. Uh but but I've been spending so much time in it. I've been spending so much time in it. I've been spending so much time in it. I've got a Mac Mini sitting over here and got a Mac Mini sitting over here and got a Mac Mini sitting over here and I've kept that thing hot this week I've kept that thing hot this week I've kept that thing hot this week because we are rebuilding a call because we are rebuilding a call because we are rebuilding a call recorder. You know, we love some recorder. You know, we love some recorder. You know, we love some elements of granola. It runs on the on elements of granola. It runs on the on elements of granola. It runs on the on your computer, but it doesn't record the your computer, but it doesn't record the your computer, but it doesn't record the audio. It doesn't identify the speakers. audio. It doesn't identify the speakers. audio. It doesn't identify the speakers. We love Fireflies because that, you We love Fireflies because that, you We love Fireflies because that, you know, it joins meetings automatically. know, it joins meetings automatically. know, it joins meetings automatically. You don't have to worry about it. It

[33:50] You don't have to worry about it. It You don't have to worry about it. It tags the speakers, but it but if you're tags the speakers, but it but if you're tags the speakers, but it but if you're sharing it in a conference room, it just sharing it in a conference room, it just sharing it in a conference room, it just labels all those, you know, speak all labels all those, you know, speak all labels all those, you know, speak all those words as from one person, the those words as from one person, the those words as from one person, the person that joined on Zoom. And so person that joined on Zoom. And so person that joined on Zoom. And so that's frustrating and it's hard to that's frustrating and it's hard to that's frustrating and it's hard to share. So we're just building our own. share. So we're just building our own. share. So we're just building our own. And man, we're probably 85 90% of the And man, we're probably 85 90% of the And man, we're probably 85 90% of the way through building our own. Now that way through building our own. Now that way through building our own. Now that just takes all the best features from just takes all the best features from just takes all the best features from both of those. And it's kind of both of those. And it's kind of both of those. And it's kind of beautiful because we're not going to beautiful because we're not going to beautiful because we're not going to save any money. It's probably going to save any money. It's probably going to save any money. It's probably going to be a little more expensive for us to run be a little more expensive for us to run be a little more expensive for us to run this per seat every month than to have this per seat every month than to have this per seat every month than to have Fireflies and granola, but it's going to

[34:21] Fireflies and granola, but it's going to Fireflies and granola, but it's going to be exactly what we want. It's going to be exactly what we want. It's going to be exactly what we want. It's going to be very custom to us. It's going to work be very custom to us. It's going to work be very custom to us. It's going to work really well for us. And then we're also really well for us. And then we're also really well for us. And then we're also going to give it out to all the fellows going to give it out to all the fellows going to give it out to all the fellows that we have in our program, the people that we have in our program, the people that we have in our program, the people that are in our residency to say, "Hey, that are in our residency to say, "Hey, that are in our residency to say, "Hey, no, this is kind of the best way to to no, this is kind of the best way to to no, this is kind of the best way to to record calls and get all that juicy record calls and get all that juicy record calls and get all that juicy context into your AI with as little context into your AI with as little context into your AI with as little friction as possible." friction as possible." friction as possible." &gt;&gt; Man, I so miss being in your office in &gt;&gt; Man, I so miss being in your office in &gt;&gt; Man, I so miss being in your office in St. Louis and just seeing like all these St. Louis and just seeing like all these St. Louis and just seeing like all these little things that are being built. I little things that are being built. I little things that are being built. I had no idea you were doing this. had no idea you were doing this. had no idea you were doing this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I totally get what you're saying. &gt;&gt; I totally get what you're saying. &gt;&gt; I totally get what you're saying. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right, everybody. If you like this,

[34:51] &gt;&gt; All right, everybody. If you like this, &gt;&gt; All right, everybody. If you like this, we've got another 10 that you think that we've got another 10 that you think that we've got another 10 that you think that we think you're going to love. It's we think you're going to love. It's we think you're going to love. It's right there. and we'll see you in that right there. and we'll see you in that right there. and we'll see you in that one.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=hlOk-EFUITQ
