# Transcript: Top Repos Explained: Code Review, World Camera, Better AI Builds, etc.

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fHsIveXRa8
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 26:44 · Words: 16696
Other available languages: a-fr-FR (fr-FR) [auto], a-de-DE (de-DE) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-pt-BR (pt-BR) [auto], a-es-US (es-US) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/1fHsIveXRa8.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=1fHsIveXRa8

## Transcript
[0:01] Alibaba [snorts] Alibaba [snorts] is giving you a tester that will ensure is giving you a tester that will ensure is giving you a tester that will ensure everything you build with cloud code or everything you build with cloud code or everything you build with cloud code or other tools works great. There's a new other tools works great. There's a new other tools works great. There's a new tool that lets you spy on the world. I'm tool that lets you spy on the world. I'm tool that lets you spy on the world. I'm going to show you how pretty it is and going to show you how pretty it is and going to show you how pretty it is and how useful it can be. Do you have a lot how useful it can be. Do you have a lot how useful it can be. Do you have a lot of files and you don't know what's where of files and you don't know what's where of files and you don't know what's where and where's what? Well, I've got a tool and where's what? Well, I've got a tool and where's what? Well, I've got a tool that will connect them all together, that will connect them all together, that will connect them all together, make them searchable, easy to find, and make them searchable, easy to find, and make them searchable, easy to find, and will work with your agents. All that and will work with your agents. All that and will work with your agents. All that and so much more. Of course, we got links to so much more. Of course, we got links to so much more. Of course, we got links to everything and timestamps. [music] Let's everything and timestamps. [music] Let's everything and timestamps. [music] Let's get to it. Presented by Zapier, the AI get to it. Presented by Zapier, the AI get to it. Presented by Zapier, the AI automation company. Adam, the number one automation company. Adam, the number one automation company. Adam, the number one repo this week is Open Code Review from

[0:33] repo this week is Open Code Review from repo this week is Open Code Review from Alibaba. This is the thing that will let Alibaba. This is the thing that will let Alibaba. This is the thing that will let you check your code to find common or you check your code to find common or you check your code to find common or maybe even uncommon problems. I saw this maybe even uncommon problems. I saw this maybe even uncommon problems. I saw this one demo which I'll link to up here one demo which I'll link to up here one demo which I'll link to up here where someone said, "I'm intentionally where someone said, "I'm intentionally where someone said, "I'm intentionally going to sneak stuff into deliberate going to sneak stuff into deliberate going to sneak stuff into deliberate problems into my code. I want to see if problems into my code. I want to see if problems into my code. I want to see if it finds it." And sure enough, it did it finds it." And sure enough, it did it finds it." And sure enough, it did find those problems. Like he had a find those problems. Like he had a find those problems. Like he had a password that was just written in plain password that was just written in plain password that was just written in plain text. And then he said, "You know what? text. And then he said, "You know what? text. And then he said, "You know what? I want this to not give me just the red I want this to not give me just the red I want this to not give me just the red and green on my screen. I want to and green on my screen. I want to and green on my screen. I want to actually see a nice HTML report. And all actually see a nice HTML report. And all actually see a nice HTML report. And all he did was fire off one command and he

[1:04] he did was fire off one command and he he did was fire off one command and he got it. Um, this makes sense coming from got it. Um, this makes sense coming from got it. Um, this makes sense coming from Alibaba especially. Alibaba especially. Alibaba especially. Yeah, I mean this is starting to be Yeah, I mean this is starting to be Yeah, I mean this is starting to be pretty standard practice where if you're pretty standard practice where if you're pretty standard practice where if you're out there, you're vibe coding stuff. out there, you're vibe coding stuff. out there, you're vibe coding stuff. You're not reading all the lines of You're not reading all the lines of You're not reading all the lines of code. You don't exactly know how the code. You don't exactly know how the code. You don't exactly know how the integrations work and you've asked integrations work and you've asked integrations work and you've asked Claude to build it in a secure way, but Claude to build it in a secure way, but Claude to build it in a secure way, but did it did it make mistakes? Did some of did it did it make mistakes? Did some of did it did it make mistakes? Did some of the changes that you make open up doors the changes that you make open up doors the changes that you make open up doors that you didn't know were open? So that you didn't know were open? So that you didn't know were open? So having having something like this run

[1:34] having having something like this run having having something like this run and even better run automatically is is and even better run automatically is is and even better run automatically is is table stakes. I think everybody should table stakes. I think everybody should table stakes. I think everybody should be doing this. You know, get get this be doing this. You know, get get this be doing this. You know, get get this package. Uh it's got a CLI. It's got package. Uh it's got a CLI. It's got package. Uh it's got a CLI. It's got some skills in there. You can even set some skills in there. You can even set some skills in there. You can even set these up so that uh you know, there's these up so that uh you know, there's these up so that uh you know, there's this thing called git hooks where you this thing called git hooks where you this thing called git hooks where you could say every time I push to get or could say every time I push to get or could say every time I push to get or every time I commit before I commit, run every time I commit before I commit, run every time I commit before I commit, run this other command first. And so now you this other command first. And so now you this other command first. And so now you know that something like this is know that something like this is know that something like this is watching, it's got your back. And you watching, it's got your back. And you watching, it's got your back. And you can dismiss it if you want, but it's

[2:04] can dismiss it if you want, but it's can dismiss it if you want, but it's always going to run there uh keep you a always going to run there uh keep you a always going to run there uh keep you a little bit safer. Yeah, this is the one little bit safer. Yeah, this is the one little bit safer. Yeah, this is the one that people are going to be giving their that people are going to be giving their that people are going to be giving their agents and using. Let me know if you do. agents and using. Let me know if you do. agents and using. Let me know if you do. We're going to go on to number two. The We're going to go on to number two. The We're going to go on to number two. The second most popular boy, this just keeps second most popular boy, this just keeps second most popular boy, this just keeps coming up, Adam. The second most popular coming up, Adam. The second most popular coming up, Adam. The second most popular repo is called I have ADHD. This is a repo is called I have ADHD. This is a repo is called I have ADHD. This is a simple file that all it does is it tells simple file that all it does is it tells simple file that all it does is it tells your coding agent to chat app and keep your coding agent to chat app and keep your coding agent to chat app and keep things really easy to follow. The things really easy to follow. The things really easy to follow. The example is right here. I actually also example is right here. I actually also example is right here. I actually also found this video of a woman who decided found this video of a woman who decided found this video of a woman who decided what she wanted to do is use it in the what she wanted to do is use it in the what she wanted to do is use it in the in the uh clawed web app. And so she got

[2:36] in the uh clawed web app. And so she got in the uh clawed web app. And so she got her result and this is what it looked her result and this is what it looked her result and this is what it looked like before she invoked it. Then she like before she invoked it. Then she like before she invoked it. Then she went in and she hit the slash command to went in and she hit the slash command to went in and she hit the slash command to invoke the skill. I wonder if people do invoke the skill. I wonder if people do invoke the skill. I wonder if people do invoke skills a lot from from the web invoke skills a lot from from the web invoke skills a lot from from the web app. I don't. And when she did it got app. I don't. And when she did it got app. I don't. And when she did it got really short and it's more than short. really short and it's more than short. really short and it's more than short. It just makes so much more sense. It's It just makes so much more sense. It's It just makes so much more sense. It's scannable so you understand it. I I like scannable so you understand it. I I like scannable so you understand it. I I like this one and I could see why it this one and I could see why it this one and I could see why it continues to grow. continues to grow. continues to grow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, especially like I've used &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, especially like I've used &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, especially like I've used Astra a lot and honestly I'm switching Astra a lot and honestly I'm switching Astra a lot and honestly I'm switching back to Soul for a lot of my work back to Soul for a lot of my work back to Soul for a lot of my work because Astra is so verbose and it takes

[3:08] because Astra is so verbose and it takes because Astra is so verbose and it takes longer to run and it just generates more longer to run and it just generates more longer to run and it just generates more crap that I have to read through and it crap that I have to read through and it crap that I have to read through and it and it's not just in these text and it's not just in these text and it's not just in these text responses. It's also the text that it responses. It's also the text that it responses. It's also the text that it writes for a web page or an email or writes for a web page or an email or writes for a web page or an email or whatever. So, I think these skills that whatever. So, I think these skills that whatever. So, I think these skills that help tune it down are are getting more help tune it down are are getting more help tune it down are are getting more and more useful because the models are and more useful because the models are and more useful because the models are getting more and more verbose. getting more and more verbose. getting more and more verbose. 47,000 stars. I every week I feel like I 47,000 stars. I every week I feel like I 47,000 stars. I every week I feel like I email him and tell him that we've talked email him and tell him that we've talked email him and tell him that we've talked about him again and we might even next about him again and we might even next about him again and we might even next week. Next, this is God's eye view once week. Next, this is God's eye view once week. Next, this is God's eye view once again on the top 10 list. And what this

[3:40] again on the top 10 list. And what this again on the top 10 list. And what this does is it pulls together all the open does is it pulls together all the open does is it pulls together all the open data that's available online to make it data that's available online to make it data that's available online to make it available to you in a very very very available to you in a very very very available to you in a very very very very very very map that you can zoom in on. I've got map that you can zoom in on. I've got map that you can zoom in on. I've got this video here for those of you who are this video here for those of you who are this video here for those of you who are downloading the full file. Actually, downloading the full file. Actually, downloading the full file. Actually, it's not downloading. There's the link it's not downloading. There's the link it's not downloading. There's the link to it. And you can see he is seeing to it. And you can see he is seeing to it. And you can see he is seeing traffic data which he put in from TomTom traffic data which he put in from TomTom traffic data which he put in from TomTom and then he has got all the cameras, the and then he has got all the cameras, the and then he has got all the cameras, the CCTV cameras on there. All he has to do CCTV cameras on there. All he has to do CCTV cameras on there. All he has to do is like mouse over a camera and he gets is like mouse over a camera and he gets is like mouse over a camera and he gets to see a screenshot of it. If he clicks

[4:10] to see a screenshot of it. If he clicks to see a screenshot of it. If he clicks into it, he gets to see live and it's into it, he gets to see live and it's into it, he gets to see live and it's airplanes that you see overhead and so airplanes that you see overhead and so airplanes that you see overhead and so much data for it. Um, it's kind of fun. much data for it. Um, it's kind of fun. much data for it. Um, it's kind of fun. I could see this being useful. I could see this being useful. I could see this being useful. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's I mean it's just insane to &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's I mean it's just insane to &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's I mean it's just insane to watch this. It it feels unreal looking watch this. It it feels unreal looking watch this. It it feels unreal looking looking looking looking at it. I I want looking looking looking at it. I I want looking looking looking at it. I I want to go and click around our city and see to go and click around our city and see to go and click around our city and see see what I can see. see what I can see. see what I can see. &gt;&gt; One thing I will say about this is if &gt;&gt; One thing I will say about this is if &gt;&gt; One thing I will say about this is if you do not want to go through all this you do not want to go through all this you do not want to go through all this and set this up yourself on your system. and set this up yourself on your system. and set this up yourself on your system. He has got um right here on Pinocchio He has got um right here on Pinocchio He has got um right here on Pinocchio you can go in and you can download it

[4:41] you can go in and you can download it you can go in and you can download it directly and he created this guy here in directly and he created this guy here in directly and he created this guy here in the video. If you look for him, he has the video. If you look for him, he has the video. If you look for him, he has got his own version of it. You'll see got his own version of it. You'll see got his own version of it. You'll see his face on it. And that's the one that his face on it. And that's the one that his face on it. And that's the one that you can just click over and trust. Here you can just click over and trust. Here you can just click over and trust. Here he's going to show it right now. There he's going to show it right now. There he's going to show it right now. There it is. Um and so you can just go and it is. Um and so you can just go and it is. Um and so you can just go and install it and not have to go into install it and not have to go into install it and not have to go into GitHub if you if you'd rather have just GitHub if you if you'd rather have just GitHub if you if you'd rather have just a plain app. Okay, I'm very excited a plain app. Okay, I'm very excited a plain app. Okay, I'm very excited about this next thing. This is a brand about this next thing. This is a brand about this next thing. This is a brand new sponsor. It is called Monid. new sponsor. It is called Monid. new sponsor. It is called Monid. And here's what they do. You know how And here's what they do. You know how And here's what they do. You know how I'm actually going to click over to

[5:11] I'm actually going to click over to I'm actually going to click over to this. this. this. You know how you've got all these You know how you've got all these You know how you've got all these different tools, Adam, that you want different tools, Adam, that you want different tools, Adam, that you want your agent to have access to? like I your agent to have access to? like I your agent to have access to? like I give it Apollo, I give it access to give it Apollo, I give it access to give it Apollo, I give it access to Reddit scraping, I give it access to so Reddit scraping, I give it access to so Reddit scraping, I give it access to so many things beyond this. And then what many things beyond this. And then what many things beyond this. And then what you end up having is all these little you end up having is all these little you end up having is all these little bills from thousands or hundreds of bills from thousands or hundreds of bills from thousands or hundreds of different apps. They connect uh they different apps. They connect uh they different apps. They connect uh they connect thousands. What they do is they connect thousands. What they do is they connect thousands. What they do is they say, "Why don't you just connect to us? say, "Why don't you just connect to us? say, "Why don't you just connect to us? We'll bring all this over to you, make We'll bring all this over to you, make We'll bring all this over to you, make it easy for your agent to access all of it easy for your agent to access all of it easy for your agent to access all of them, and put the um and give you one them, and put the um and give you one them, and put the um and give you one bill without any subscriptions." That's

[5:43] bill without any subscriptions." That's bill without any subscriptions." That's the beauty of what this is. And since the beauty of what this is. And since the beauty of what this is. And since they paid me to read this, I'm going to they paid me to read this, I'm going to they paid me to read this, I'm going to read it exactly like they said it. It's read it exactly like they said it. It's read it exactly like they said it. It's Monet is the open router for agent Monet is the open router for agent Monet is the open router for agent tools. Instead of a separate tools. Instead of a separate tools. Instead of a separate subscription for every API your agent subscription for every API your agent subscription for every API your agent touches, scraping, enrichment, search, touches, scraping, enrichment, search, touches, scraping, enrichment, search, social data, it's one key into 1,800 social data, it's one key into 1,800 social data, it's one key into 1,800 tools that you pay per call. Again, no tools that you pay per call. Again, no tools that you pay per call. Again, no subscription. Same layer open router subscription. Same layer open router subscription. Same layer open router built for models. That's the one that built for models. That's the one that built for models. That's the one that Stripe just bought for $7 billion. Stripe just bought for $7 billion. Stripe just bought for $7 billion. Except this is for tools that agents Except this is for tools that agents Except this is for tools that agents actually need. We've got a link below so actually need. We've got a link below so actually need. We've got a link below so you can go and sign up and start using

[6:13] you can go and sign up and start using you can go and sign up and start using it today. I like this one. it today. I like this one. it today. I like this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's awesome. I've got a lot of &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's awesome. I've got a lot of &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's awesome. I've got a lot of subscriptions that I I would like to subscriptions that I I would like to subscriptions that I I would like to cancel and and exchange for something cancel and and exchange for something cancel and and exchange for something that could just bill me per per call. I that could just bill me per per call. I that could just bill me per per call. I would appreciate that. would appreciate that. would appreciate that. &gt;&gt; Freaking Ampify, that's the one for me. &gt;&gt; Freaking Ampify, that's the one for me. &gt;&gt; Freaking Ampify, that's the one for me. I I had couple of subscriptions and it's I I had couple of subscriptions and it's I I had couple of subscriptions and it's just Okay, ECC. I'm thinking about just Okay, ECC. I'm thinking about just Okay, ECC. I'm thinking about having this creator on. He and I have having this creator on. He and I have having this creator on. He and I have been talking a lot. It's got 261,000 been talking a lot. It's got 261,000 been talking a lot. It's got 261,000 stars. It's a collection of skills and stars. It's a collection of skills and stars. It's a collection of skills and we should talk about skills because we should talk about skills because we should talk about skills because people have big feelings about them and

[6:43] people have big feelings about them and people have big feelings about them and I'll show you what they are in a moment. I'll show you what they are in a moment. I'll show you what they are in a moment. But Adam, what exactly is this? When we But Adam, what exactly is this? When we But Adam, what exactly is this? When we were talking before you said, Andrew, were talking before you said, Andrew, were talking before you said, Andrew, scroll down below to a section here to scroll down below to a section here to scroll down below to a section here to start explaining it. What are we looking start explaining it. What are we looking start explaining it. What are we looking for here? What is this? [snorts] for here? What is this? [snorts] for here? What is this? [snorts] &gt;&gt; So, so this is a set of workflows. It's &gt;&gt; So, so this is a set of workflows. It's &gt;&gt; So, so this is a set of workflows. It's it's a lot of development software to it's a lot of development software to it's a lot of development software to engineering and development workflows. engineering and development workflows. engineering and development workflows. And each of those workflows has a And each of those workflows has a And each of those workflows has a process that is good. You know, we've process that is good. You know, we've process that is good. You know, we've built this up. We've learned over years

[7:13] built this up. We've learned over years built this up. We've learned over years and years the right way to develop. And and years the right way to develop. And and years the right way to develop. And not all the people that are out there not all the people that are out there not all the people that are out there building software today have that, you building software today have that, you building software today have that, you know, decade of experience or more in in know, decade of experience or more in in know, decade of experience or more in in building software. So something like building software. So something like building software. So something like this says, well, hey, when you want to this says, well, hey, when you want to this says, well, hey, when you want to build a new feature, this is the thing build a new feature, this is the thing build a new feature, this is the thing to start with. Type ECC plan des you to start with. Type ECC plan des you to start with. Type ECC plan des you know the describe feature and then you know the describe feature and then you know the describe feature and then you can run what's called TDD workflow. This can run what's called TDD workflow. This can run what's called TDD workflow. This is testdriven development. What that is testdriven development. What that is testdriven development. What that means is that this is going to instead means is that this is going to instead means is that this is going to instead of just building the feature, which is of just building the feature, which is of just building the feature, which is what you would probably do by default,

[7:43] what you would probably do by default, what you would probably do by default, this is going to instruct Claude, hey, this is going to instruct Claude, hey, this is going to instruct Claude, hey, go and develop some test structures. go and develop some test structures. go and develop some test structures. Let's write the test first, you know, Let's write the test first, you know, Let's write the test first, you know, and you would say, well, the test for and you would say, well, the test for and you would say, well, the test for for addition says it, you know, if I was for addition says it, you know, if I was for addition says it, you know, if I was given 2 plus two, it should equal four. given 2 plus two, it should equal four. given 2 plus two, it should equal four. And then once you build a bunch of these And then once you build a bunch of these And then once you build a bunch of these tests out, you go and actually write the tests out, you go and actually write the tests out, you go and actually write the code. But by the time you're writing the code. But by the time you're writing the code. But by the time you're writing the code or your agent's writing the code, code or your agent's writing the code, code or your agent's writing the code, you already have all of these validation you already have all of these validation you already have all of these validation tests that can prove whether or not the tests that can prove whether or not the tests that can prove whether or not the thing works. So it's a it's a different thing works. So it's a it's a different thing works. So it's a it's a different way of thinking and there's a lot of way of thinking and there's a lot of way of thinking and there's a lot of different ways of thinking that are that

[8:15] different ways of thinking that are that different ways of thinking that are that are just nuanced in a way where again a are just nuanced in a way where again a are just nuanced in a way where again a vibe coder is not necessarily going to vibe coder is not necessarily going to vibe coder is not necessarily going to learn all this stuff. It's a way to get learn all this stuff. It's a way to get learn all this stuff. It's a way to get decades of of experience from other decades of of experience from other decades of of experience from other software engineers and inject that into software engineers and inject that into software engineers and inject that into your uh coding sessions. By the way, your uh coding sessions. By the way, your uh coding sessions. By the way, I've got this video here. What I'm I've got this video here. What I'm I've got this video here. What I'm playing is him running the planning playing is him running the planning playing is him running the planning mode. And then this creator started mode. And then this creator started mode. And then this creator started responding to some of the planning mode responding to some of the planning mode responding to some of the planning mode questions. And then before it built, he questions. And then before it built, he questions. And then before it built, he used the TDD. That's the acronym. used the TDD. That's the acronym. used the TDD. That's the acronym. &gt;&gt; And then it tested what he was supposed

[8:45] &gt;&gt; And then it tested what he was supposed &gt;&gt; And then it tested what he was supposed to get before it was fully built. Made to get before it was fully built. Made to get before it was fully built. Made sure that it worked well. And then it sure that it worked well. And then it sure that it worked well. And then it gave him a Calendarly link on his gave him a Calendarly link on his gave him a Calendarly link on his website. By the way, we've been saying website. By the way, we've been saying website. By the way, we've been saying that um I've been showing these videos, that um I've been showing these videos, that um I've been showing these videos, but not actually hitting play on them. but not actually hitting play on them. but not actually hitting play on them. There's a reason for it. Let's first There's a reason for it. Let's first There's a reason for it. Let's first talk about last week. Last week, we talk about last week. Last week, we talk about last week. Last week, we asked people, "Do you want to keep the asked people, "Do you want to keep the asked people, "Do you want to keep the skills?" Because every time they're skills?" Because every time they're skills?" Because every time they're skills, Adam feels like, "Oh, I don't skills, Adam feels like, "Oh, I don't skills, Adam feels like, "Oh, I don't know that I want them." And here's the know that I want them." And here's the know that I want them." And here's the response from the comments. Nine people response from the comments. Nine people response from the comments. Nine people said, "Kill the skills. I don't want said, "Kill the skills. I don't want said, "Kill the skills. I don't want them anymore. Skip them." And 32 people them anymore. Skip them." And 32 people them anymore. Skip them." And 32 people said, "Yes, I want them." And they were said, "Yes, I want them." And they were said, "Yes, I want them." And they were super passionate about it. I mean, if

[9:16] super passionate about it. I mean, if super passionate about it. I mean, if you take a look at this, not only is it you take a look at this, not only is it you take a look at this, not only is it like, "Yes, yes, yes, skills. I love it. like, "Yes, yes, yes, skills. I love it. like, "Yes, yes, yes, skills. I love it. Keep it." Yes. Keep it." Yes. Keep it." Yes. &gt;&gt; And dude, Adam, all Saturday I was &gt;&gt; And dude, Adam, all Saturday I was &gt;&gt; And dude, Adam, all Saturday I was flipping through. They go, I don't know flipping through. They go, I don't know flipping through. They go, I don't know how to respond to all these because I how to respond to all these because I how to respond to all these because I like to respond to everybody, but I like to respond to everybody, but I like to respond to everybody, but I don't have like a a line that I could don't have like a a line that I could don't have like a a line that I could give them. Some of them were really give them. Some of them were really give them. Some of them were really detailed about why they wanted how it it detailed about why they wanted how it it detailed about why they wanted how it it uh definitely keep the skills. Just uh definitely keep the skills. Just uh definitely keep the skills. Just explain in detail how to curate them to explain in detail how to curate them to explain in detail how to curate them to work best with them and so on. I get work best with them and so on. I get work best with them and so on. I get that. that. that. &gt;&gt; Go back to that slide there. Number six. &gt;&gt; Go back to that slide there. Number six. &gt;&gt; Go back to that slide there. Number six. This this is actually a really important This this is actually a really important This this is actually a really important one. The one on the right from Black one. The one on the right from Black one. The one on the right from Black Logic. It helps less capable models

[9:47] Logic. It helps less capable models Logic. It helps less capable models become more capable. If you're out there become more capable. If you're out there become more capable. If you're out there and you're using some of these local and you're using some of these local and you're using some of these local models or openw weight models that models or openw weight models that models or openw weight models that aren't as good as Astra or Fable 5.1 or aren't as good as Astra or Fable 5.1 or aren't as good as Astra or Fable 5.1 or whatever, the skills actually are way whatever, the skills actually are way whatever, the skills actually are way more impactful there more impactful there more impactful there &gt;&gt; because Fable's pretty good at all this &gt;&gt; because Fable's pretty good at all this &gt;&gt; because Fable's pretty good at all this stuff, right? And that's it's like, stuff, right? And that's it's like, stuff, right? And that's it's like, yeah, it knows how to do test-driven yeah, it knows how to do test-driven yeah, it knows how to do test-driven development. You don't need a skill, but development. You don't need a skill, but development. You don't need a skill, but a lot of these other ones, you need to a lot of these other ones, you need to a lot of these other ones, you need to encourage it and you might even need to encourage it and you might even need to encourage it and you might even need to explain how to do the development. Now, explain how to do the development. Now, explain how to do the development. Now, the skill packs make make a lot more the skill packs make make a lot more the skill packs make make a lot more sense.

[10:17] sense. sense. &gt;&gt; I see. Okay, that makes a lot of sense. &gt;&gt; I see. Okay, that makes a lot of sense. &gt;&gt; I see. Okay, that makes a lot of sense. I should I should also say there were I should I should also say there were I should I should also say there were people who very strongly felt that they people who very strongly felt that they people who very strongly felt that they didn't want the skills. And here are didn't want the skills. And here are didn't want the skills. And here are some of those. Uh, no skills, never some of those. Uh, no skills, never some of those. Uh, no skills, never adopt them. Skills are false. Uh, no fan adopt them. Skills are false. Uh, no fan adopt them. Skills are false. Uh, no fan of skills, they seem overly specific to of skills, they seem overly specific to of skills, they seem overly specific to people, just usually not my workflows. people, just usually not my workflows. people, just usually not my workflows. Okay, there was so much heat over skills Okay, there was so much heat over skills Okay, there was so much heat over skills that what I ended up doing was creating that what I ended up doing was creating that what I ended up doing was creating a video this week with the top most a video this week with the top most a video this week with the top most installed skills according to Versel, installed skills according to Versel, installed skills according to Versel, which enables a lot of these skills to which enables a lot of these skills to which enables a lot of these skills to be installed. And if you want to watch

[10:47] be installed. And if you want to watch be installed. And if you want to watch it and go directly into the most it and go directly into the most it and go directly into the most installed, meaning actually used skills, installed, meaning actually used skills, installed, meaning actually used skills, you could see them there. Meanwhile, you could see them there. Meanwhile, you could see them there. Meanwhile, this one is on our chart and we will for this one is on our chart and we will for this one is on our chart and we will for now keep the skills in the weekly now keep the skills in the weekly now keep the skills in the weekly roundup if they are uh trending. And roundup if they are uh trending. And roundup if they are uh trending. And this one you can see is trending and this one you can see is trending and this one you can see is trending and continuing to grow. Let's look at number continuing to grow. Let's look at number continuing to grow. Let's look at number five, which is context mode. 23,000 five, which is context mode. 23,000 five, which is context mode. 23,000 stars today. Your AI coder forgets stars today. Your AI coder forgets stars today. Your AI coder forgets midway through the job. This stretches midway through the job. This stretches midway through the job. This stretches the session. We've talked about this the session. We've talked about this the session. We've talked about this before. This is another tool that that before. This is another tool that that before. This is another tool that that how does it help us save tokens and how does it help us save tokens and how does it help us save tokens and what's the importance of memory and then

[11:17] what's the importance of memory and then what's the importance of memory and then I'll show a video. I'll show a video. I'll show a video. &gt;&gt; You know the word here is is probably &gt;&gt; You know the word here is is probably &gt;&gt; You know the word here is is probably sandbox. If you scroll up just a little sandbox. If you scroll up just a little sandbox. If you scroll up just a little bit Andrew into those you know top these bit Andrew into those you know top these bit Andrew into those you know top these four steps here. So yeah stop right four steps here. So yeah stop right four steps here. So yeah stop right there. How context mode solves it. So, there. How context mode solves it. So, there. How context mode solves it. So, so number one, it's going to create this so number one, it's going to create this so number one, it's going to create this like kind of side sandbox where instead like kind of side sandbox where instead like kind of side sandbox where instead of your main session calling all the of your main session calling all the of your main session calling all the tools, loading 15 files, and figuring tools, loading 15 files, and figuring tools, loading 15 files, and figuring out that it only needs two, it's going out that it only needs two, it's going out that it only needs two, it's going to do that in a little sandbox. And then to do that in a little sandbox. And then to do that in a little sandbox. And then once that sandbox finds the answer to

[11:49] once that sandbox finds the answer to once that sandbox finds the answer to whatever the question was, it'll pass whatever the question was, it'll pass whatever the question was, it'll pass that data back to your main claude that data back to your main claude that data back to your main claude session or or codeex or whatever. And session or or codeex or whatever. And session or or codeex or whatever. And that doesn't have to have gone through that doesn't have to have gone through that doesn't have to have gone through all of those files, all of the tool all of those files, all of the tool all of those files, all of the tool calls, failing once or twice and then calls, failing once or twice and then calls, failing once or twice and then getting the right answer. It's just getting the right answer. It's just getting the right answer. It's just delivered on a on a platter. Here's the delivered on a on a platter. Here's the delivered on a on a platter. Here's the answer you were looking for, and I've answer you were looking for, and I've answer you were looking for, and I've already vetted it. And that other already vetted it. And that other already vetted it. And that other conversation, that sandbox conversation conversation, that sandbox conversation conversation, that sandbox conversation can be can be thrown away. It can be can be can be thrown away. It can be can be can be thrown away. It can be kept short. And so it it makes the focus kept short. And so it it makes the focus kept short. And so it it makes the focus of your main conversation stay on the of your main conversation stay on the of your main conversation stay on the work instead of all the side work like

[12:20] work instead of all the side work like work instead of all the side work like organizing and editing and and getting organizing and editing and and getting organizing and editing and and getting context. context. context. &gt;&gt; All right. People had asked us to &gt;&gt; All right. People had asked us to &gt;&gt; All right. People had asked us to actually install this. They said, "Okay, actually install this. They said, "Okay, actually install this. They said, "Okay, it's great that you're showing us all it's great that you're showing us all it's great that you're showing us all this information about how it's growing. this information about how it's growing. this information about how it's growing. We'd like to see and what it does. We'd We'd like to see and what it does. We'd We'd like to see and what it does. We'd like to see it used." And I thought, like to see it used." And I thought, like to see it used." And I thought, "Using it will take a long time." I then "Using it will take a long time." I then "Using it will take a long time." I then clipped these videos where I thought I clipped these videos where I thought I clipped these videos where I thought I could take you directly to the part could take you directly to the part could take you directly to the part where somebody is using the tool and you where somebody is using the tool and you where somebody is using the tool and you could play it. And Adam and I went could play it. And Adam and I went could play it. And Adam and I went through it after I spend a couple of through it after I spend a couple of through it after I spend a couple of hours at least putting it together this hours at least putting it together this hours at least putting it together this week and we decided to even scrap week and we decided to even scrap week and we decided to even scrap playing the video because it does take a

[12:51] playing the video because it does take a playing the video because it does take a long time. it does feel tedious to hear long time. it does feel tedious to hear long time. it does feel tedious to hear all these different voices and get into all these different voices and get into all these different voices and get into each one of these. So, I will say this each one of these. So, I will say this each one of these. So, I will say this here, you can watch him use it. He did here, you can watch him use it. He did here, you can watch him use it. He did actually analyze um how much he saved in actually analyze um how much he saved in actually analyze um how much he saved in token use. There will be a link to this token use. There will be a link to this token use. There will be a link to this below so you can if you want to see the below so you can if you want to see the below so you can if you want to see the videos uh see them. Let's go on to videos uh see them. Let's go on to videos uh see them. Let's go on to number six. This is Nora is from number six. This is Nora is from number six. This is Nora is from Tencent. You know how you have all this Tencent. You know how you have all this Tencent. You know how you have all this data on your computer and it's hard to data on your computer and it's hard to data on your computer and it's hard to find and God knows there it's really find and God knows there it's really find and God knows there it's really difficult to create a system that will difficult to create a system that will difficult to create a system that will help you find them. Well, what Tencent

[13:22] help you find them. Well, what Tencent help you find them. Well, what Tencent did is they decided to create a tool did is they decided to create a tool did is they decided to create a tool that will make it really easy. I'm going that will make it really easy. I'm going that will make it really easy. I'm going to play this just so you get to see what to play this just so you get to see what to play this just so you get to see what it looks like. And I should say it is it looks like. And I should say it is it looks like. And I should say it is very much in Chinese, but the video on very much in Chinese, but the video on very much in Chinese, but the video on their site shows how it works and what their site shows how it works and what their site shows how it works and what you get back. And essentially, how would you get back. And essentially, how would you get back. And essentially, how would you describe what this is? You had a you describe what this is? You had a you describe what this is? You had a really good description for this, Adam. really good description for this, Adam. really good description for this, Adam. Yeah, it seems like Obsidian plus rag Yeah, it seems like Obsidian plus rag Yeah, it seems like Obsidian plus rag plus AI plus a graph database. It's like

[13:52] plus AI plus a graph database. It's like plus AI plus a graph database. It's like all these things and and it's meant to all these things and and it's meant to all these things and and it's meant to be pretty automatic where it can be pretty automatic where it can be pretty automatic where it can automatically determine, oh, this automatically determine, oh, this automatically determine, oh, this project is related to this. Oh, I saw project is related to this. Oh, I saw project is related to this. Oh, I saw this in your downloads folder. It should this in your downloads folder. It should this in your downloads folder. It should relate to this. And and then it builds relate to this. And and then it builds relate to this. And and then it builds out these this graph and the wiki out these this graph and the wiki out these this graph and the wiki automatically. So, in theory, you can automatically. So, in theory, you can automatically. So, in theory, you can drop in and and kind of just click drop in and and kind of just click drop in and and kind of just click through all these different documents. through all these different documents. through all these different documents. Who came to this meeting? Oh, I could Who came to this meeting? Oh, I could Who came to this meeting? Oh, I could click on this person's name. Oh, that click on this person's name. Oh, that click on this person's name. Oh, that shows me the projects I worked on with shows me the projects I worked on with shows me the projects I worked on with them. And it shows me the other meetings them. And it shows me the other meetings

[14:22] them. And it shows me the other meetings I was in with them. Let me click on this I was in with them. Let me click on this I was in with them. Let me click on this meeting. Oh, this is what we talked to. meeting. Oh, this is what we talked to. meeting. Oh, this is what we talked to. Like, so you can follow it just like you Like, so you can follow it just like you Like, so you can follow it just like you would on on Wikipedia. you can click all would on on Wikipedia. you can click all would on on Wikipedia. you can click all the links and and because it has this the links and and because it has this the links and and because it has this engine built in and it's doing rag engine built in and it's doing rag engine built in and it's doing rag automatically on everything, it's trying automatically on everything, it's trying automatically on everything, it's trying to build this one knowledge graph for to build this one knowledge graph for to build this one knowledge graph for everything that's on your computer, everything that's on your computer, everything that's on your computer, which is probably just about everything which is probably just about everything which is probably just about everything that's in your life for a lot of people. that's in your life for a lot of people. that's in your life for a lot of people. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go on to the next one. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go on to the next one. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go on to the next one. It is a sponsor, Zapier. If you're It is a sponsor, Zapier. If you're It is a sponsor, Zapier. If you're building anything, I will tell you go

[14:52] building anything, I will tell you go building anything, I will tell you go use Zapier SDK because if you want to use Zapier SDK because if you want to use Zapier SDK because if you want to connect the software you build to the connect the software you build to the connect the software you build to the software your users want, Zapier SDK software your users want, Zapier SDK software your users want, Zapier SDK makes that easy. And of course, if makes that easy. And of course, if makes that easy. And of course, if you're just working with agents and you you're just working with agents and you you're just working with agents and you want them to have limited control to want them to have limited control to want them to have limited control to your tools, MCP lets you connect to your your tools, MCP lets you connect to your your tools, MCP lets you connect to your tools but keeps it easy. If uh tools but keeps it easy. If uh tools but keeps it easy. If uh regardless of which one you use, let regardless of which one you use, let regardless of which one you use, let them know Andrew sent you or the GitHub them know Andrew sent you or the GitHub them know Andrew sent you or the GitHub show. Next, show. Next, show. Next, this is OpenAI plugins. It's 62 packs this is OpenAI plugins. It's 62 packs this is OpenAI plugins. It's 62 packs left open for you to read to see how left open for you to read to see how left open for you to read to see how they connect to Figma and also what are

[15:23] they connect to Figma and also what are they connect to Figma and also what are the skills that make it work in Figma. the skills that make it work in Figma. the skills that make it work in Figma. Can I just now take this and give this Can I just now take this and give this Can I just now take this and give this to Claude code if that's what I'm using to Claude code if that's what I'm using to Claude code if that's what I'm using and saying now you connect to Figma and and saying now you connect to Figma and and saying now you connect to Figma and you use these best practices to create a you use these best practices to create a you use these best practices to create a canvas and so on. canvas and so on. canvas and so on. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can um Claude will do one of &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can um Claude will do one of &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can um Claude will do one of two things. it. You know, these plugins two things. it. You know, these plugins two things. it. You know, these plugins are built for codecs and so Claude will are built for codecs and so Claude will are built for codecs and so Claude will either convert it into a format that either convert it into a format that either convert it into a format that works for Claude and install it that way works for Claude and install it that way works for Claude and install it that way or there is a a plug-in connector that

[15:53] or there is a a plug-in connector that or there is a a plug-in connector that allows you to connect crossplatform but allows you to connect crossplatform but allows you to connect crossplatform but through an additional layer. So Claude through an additional layer. So Claude through an additional layer. So Claude will decide one of those two things. will decide one of those two things. will decide one of those two things. There's also a similar plug-in There's also a similar plug-in There's also a similar plug-in marketplace for Claude though as well. marketplace for Claude though as well. marketplace for Claude though as well. So, I' I'd be going to both of them and So, I' I'd be going to both of them and So, I' I'd be going to both of them and and finding the ones that are and finding the ones that are and finding the ones that are customdesigned for the platform I'm customdesigned for the platform I'm customdesigned for the platform I'm using or I'd ask it to, you know, using or I'd ask it to, you know, using or I'd ask it to, you know, [clears throat] make a custom version [clears throat] make a custom version [clears throat] make a custom version for me. for me. for me. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; But these are great, Andrew. My my &gt;&gt; But these are great, Andrew. My my &gt;&gt; But these are great, Andrew. My my favorite part of these is is security. favorite part of these is is security. favorite part of these is is security. You know, a a skill doesn't have a whole You know, a a skill doesn't have a whole You know, a a skill doesn't have a whole lot of control. The AI is still in

[16:23] lot of control. The AI is still in lot of control. The AI is still in charge. But when you start to install charge. But when you start to install charge. But when you start to install these plugins, it's like installing these plugins, it's like installing these plugins, it's like installing software on your computer and you're software on your computer and you're software on your computer and you're giving it access to all your data, your giving it access to all your data, your giving it access to all your data, your code, your secret keys. And plugins can code, your secret keys. And plugins can code, your secret keys. And plugins can have scripts. They can have code that have scripts. They can have code that have scripts. They can have code that runs in them. And if you don't trust runs in them. And if you don't trust runs in them. And if you don't trust where you installed them, things can get where you installed them, things can get where you installed them, things can get pretty bad pretty quick. So I like pretty bad pretty quick. So I like pretty bad pretty quick. So I like installing plugins direct from OpenAI or installing plugins direct from OpenAI or installing plugins direct from OpenAI or from Cloud. from Cloud. from Cloud. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Only, by the way, um 6 &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Only, by the way, um 6 &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Only, by the way, um 6 7,000 stars as of this moment. It's not 7,000 stars as of this moment. It's not 7,000 stars as of this moment. It's not even that much. There's not that much even that much. There's not that much even that much. There's not that much passion for this compared to skills for

[16:53] passion for this compared to skills for passion for this compared to skills for those of us who are wondering whether those of us who are wondering whether those of us who are wondering whether people care about skills. Uh versus like people care about skills. Uh versus like people care about skills. Uh versus like a quarter million stars for the one we a quarter million stars for the one we a quarter million stars for the one we saw earlier, ECC. Okay, next the number saw earlier, ECC. Okay, next the number saw earlier, ECC. Okay, next the number eight trending repo for the week with eight trending repo for the week with eight trending repo for the week with 7.9,000 stars is called Work Trunk. Five 7.9,000 stars is called Work Trunk. Five 7.9,000 stars is called Work Trunk. Five agents, five copies of your project, one agents, five copies of your project, one agents, five copies of your project, one tool. It's a command line tool for get tool. It's a command line tool for get tool. It's a command line tool for get work trees separate working copies of work trees separate working copies of work trees separate working copies of the same project that sits side by side the same project that sits side by side the same project that sits side by side on your disk. Work trunk makes creating, on your disk. Work trunk makes creating, on your disk. Work trunk makes creating, listing, merging, and deleting them one listing, merging, and deleting them one listing, merging, and deleting them one short command each. So several AI agents

[17:24] short command each. So several AI agents short command each. So several AI agents can each have their own copy. I have can each have their own copy. I have can each have their own copy. I have like a very basic question here. Um, like a very basic question here. Um, like a very basic question here. Um, to the person who in the comments said, to the person who in the comments said, to the person who in the comments said, "You don't Andrew doesn't know "You don't Andrew doesn't know "You don't Andrew doesn't know anything." You're right. I don't. What anything." You're right. I don't. What anything." You're right. I don't. What is a work tree? Why do I need a work is a work tree? Why do I need a work is a work tree? Why do I need a work tree even? What is this? tree even? What is this? tree even? What is this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, work work trees if if you're not &gt;&gt; Yeah, work work trees if if you're not &gt;&gt; Yeah, work work trees if if you're not familiar with them or haven't used them, familiar with them or haven't used them, familiar with them or haven't used them, man, this is going to change your life. man, this is going to change your life. man, this is going to change your life. So, listen up. Work trees are like So, listen up. Work trees are like So, listen up. Work trees are like branches. a branch in Git is, hey, I've branches. a branch in Git is, hey, I've branches. a branch in Git is, hey, I've got my code over here, but I want to I got my code over here, but I want to I got my code over here, but I want to I want to copy it and work on some changes

[17:56] want to copy it and work on some changes want to copy it and work on some changes without those changes affecting the main without those changes affecting the main without those changes affecting the main version. And you could have multiple version. And you could have multiple version. And you could have multiple branches that you're all working on at branches that you're all working on at branches that you're all working on at the same time. A work tree takes that the same time. A work tree takes that the same time. A work tree takes that and says, well, instead of having and says, well, instead of having and says, well, instead of having multiple branches, let's have all those multiple branches, let's have all those multiple branches, let's have all those branches, but then also create branches, but then also create branches, but then also create individual folders on my computer so individual folders on my computer so individual folders on my computer so that I can check out all of those that I can check out all of those that I can check out all of those branches at the same time. And now that branches at the same time. And now that branches at the same time. And now that you've got five copies of your code at you've got five copies of your code at you've got five copies of your code at the same time, each for a different the same time, each for a different the same time, each for a different feature, you could put five agents on feature, you could put five agents on feature, you could put five agents on them, and one agent can work on one, one them, and one agent can work on one, one them, and one agent can work on one, one agent can work on the other. I'm sure

[18:27] agent can work on the other. I'm sure agent can work on the other. I'm sure you've seen, Andrew, given that you're you've seen, Andrew, given that you're you've seen, Andrew, given that you're probably only checking out one branch at probably only checking out one branch at probably only checking out one branch at a time. If you try to run multiple a time. If you try to run multiple a time. If you try to run multiple agents to edit the same thing, they agents to edit the same thing, they agents to edit the same thing, they start to run into each other. They start start to run into each other. They start start to run into each other. They start to edit the same files and they say, to edit the same files and they say, to edit the same files and they say, "Oh, somebody else updated this. Oh, "Oh, somebody else updated this. Oh, "Oh, somebody else updated this. Oh, somebody else updated this." and they somebody else updated this." and they somebody else updated this." and they start to like argue about who gets to start to like argue about who gets to start to like argue about who gets to change it or they'll break features. And change it or they'll break features. And change it or they'll break features. And so this work trees is like why not just so this work trees is like why not just so this work trees is like why not just give each of those agents its own little give each of those agents its own little give each of those agents its own little playground where it can have its own playground where it can have its own playground where it can have its own copy of the code. It can test it itself. copy of the code. It can test it itself. copy of the code. It can test it itself. It can edit and then once the feature is

[18:57] It can edit and then once the feature is It can edit and then once the feature is done, you can merge all of them back done, you can merge all of them back done, you can merge all of them back together into your one main branch. together into your one main branch. together into your one main branch. &gt;&gt; All right. I found a really good video &gt;&gt; All right. I found a really good video &gt;&gt; All right. I found a really good video walking through it and I'll link over walking through it and I'll link over walking through it and I'll link over from Seth uh Fano. really good use case from Seth uh Fano. really good use case from Seth uh Fano. really good use case if you all want to take a look at that. if you all want to take a look at that. if you all want to take a look at that. Next, number nine, agent skills. 25 Next, number nine, agent skills. 25 Next, number nine, agent skills. 25 workflows that stop your agent from workflows that stop your agent from workflows that stop your agent from taking shortcuts. This is another skill taking shortcuts. This is another skill taking shortcuts. This is another skill pack. And again, when we went through pack. And again, when we went through pack. And again, when we went through this before, you said, "Andrew, scroll this before, you said, "Andrew, scroll this before, you said, "Andrew, scroll down to this and show this." What is

[19:27] down to this and show this." What is down to this and show this." What is this? Why is this the important thing? this? Why is this the important thing? this? Why is this the important thing? &gt;&gt; This This is it. The some of these that &gt;&gt; This This is it. The some of these that &gt;&gt; This This is it. The some of these that we look at, it's it's a bunch of random we look at, it's it's a bunch of random we look at, it's it's a bunch of random skills or it's a collection of skills or it's a collection of skills or it's a collection of workflows. This is one workflow. you're workflows. This is one workflow. you're workflows. This is one workflow. you're meant to run these skills in this order. meant to run these skills in this order. meant to run these skills in this order. And this is exactly how a professional And this is exactly how a professional And this is exactly how a professional software engineer would would develop software engineer would would develop software engineer would would develop something too. They'd say, well, first I something too. They'd say, well, first I something too. They'd say, well, first I need to define what the thing is and I need to define what the thing is and I need to define what the thing is and I need to make sure that the definition is need to make sure that the definition is need to make sure that the definition is good. I need to turn that definition of good. I need to turn that definition of good. I need to turn that definition of I want to add a login page and you know I want to add a login page and you know I want to add a login page and you know whatever the feature is, I want to add a

[19:57] whatever the feature is, I want to add a whatever the feature is, I want to add a login page. Well, a plan. Okay, if we login page. Well, a plan. Okay, if we login page. Well, a plan. Okay, if we wanted to add a login page, we need the wanted to add a login page, we need the wanted to add a login page, we need the page. We need a logout page. We need the page. We need a logout page. We need the page. We need a logout page. We need the button. We need a users table in the button. We need a users table in the button. We need a users table in the database. The plan takes your visual database. The plan takes your visual database. The plan takes your visual spec and turns it into something that spec and turns it into something that spec and turns it into something that could actually be built that's hopefully could actually be built that's hopefully could actually be built that's hopefully exhaustive. Then you build it. Then you exhaustive. Then you build it. Then you exhaustive. Then you build it. Then you code, which is probably where most code, which is probably where most code, which is probably where most people start normally, right? They skip people start normally, right? They skip people start normally, right? They skip spec, they skip plan, and they just say, spec, they skip plan, and they just say, spec, they skip plan, and they just say, "Build a login page for me right now. "Build a login page for me right now. "Build a login page for me right now. Go." And then you miss out on all these Go." And then you miss out on all these Go." And then you miss out on all these other things that have to change to

[20:27] other things that have to change to other things that have to change to then, you know, test, review, and ship. then, you know, test, review, and ship. then, you know, test, review, and ship. test and review are are the biggest test and review are are the biggest test and review are are the biggest parts that are skipped uh a you know parts that are skipped uh a you know parts that are skipped uh a you know after you're building it's well did it after you're building it's well did it after you're building it's well did it work was it complete did you test it did work was it complete did you test it did work was it complete did you test it did the AI test it and then for ship you the AI test it and then for ship you the AI test it and then for ship you know the the know the the know the the the the idea of testing doesn't stop the the idea of testing doesn't stop the the idea of testing doesn't stop when you've tested it on your computer when you've tested it on your computer when you've tested it on your computer I've seen a lot of people send me I've seen a lot of people send me I've seen a lot of people send me something say well it worked on something say well it worked on something say well it worked on localhost but then when I deployed it to localhost but then when I deployed it to localhost but then when I deployed it to Railway or Netlefi or whatever it's it Railway or Netlefi or whatever it's it Railway or Netlefi or whatever it's it didn't work there but I didn't know

[20:57] didn't work there but I didn't know didn't work there but I didn't know until users started complaining Well, until users started complaining Well, until users started complaining Well, you got to test there, too. So, part of you got to test there, too. So, part of you got to test there, too. So, part of ship is this like production validation. ship is this like production validation. ship is this like production validation. &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; All right, we've got a link to it. It's been doing we've got a link to it. It's been doing we've got a link to it. It's been doing really well. Let's take a look at how really well. Let's take a look at how really well. Let's take a look at how many stars. 95,000 stars. And there's a many stars. 95,000 stars. And there's a many stars. 95,000 stars. And there's a video here walking you through it. video here walking you through it. video here walking you through it. Finally, the 10th Finally, the 10th Finally, the 10th trending repo for the week is Claude trending repo for the week is Claude trending repo for the week is Claude Code. And Code. And Code. And &gt;&gt; it's open source now, Andrew. Is it open &gt;&gt; it's open source now, Andrew. Is it open &gt;&gt; it's open source now, Andrew. Is it open source? What? [laughter] source? What? [laughter] source? What? [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's what we were looking for. We uh I

[21:28] &gt;&gt; That's what we were looking for. We uh I &gt;&gt; That's what we were looking for. We uh I um it's not. Why not? We were looking at um it's not. Why not? We were looking at um it's not. Why not? We were looking at why they were showing this, why we need why they were showing this, why we need why they were showing this, why we need this, if it's not open source, if I this, if it's not open source, if I this, if it's not open source, if I can't just take it and create Andrew's can't just take it and create Andrew's can't just take it and create Andrew's co cloud code. co cloud code. co cloud code. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What are they doing? &gt;&gt; What are they doing? &gt;&gt; What are they doing? &gt;&gt; I think the reason that they have posted &gt;&gt; I think the reason that they have posted &gt;&gt; I think the reason that they have posted this up is that given that cloud code is this up is that given that cloud code is this up is that given that cloud code is not open source, when people find bugs not open source, when people find bugs not open source, when people find bugs with it, there's not a great obvious with it, there's not a great obvious with it, there's not a great obvious place to go and drop those. They could place to go and drop those. They could place to go and drop those. They could have made a web page somewhere, but have made a web page somewhere, but have made a web page somewhere, but people like to come to GitHub and create people like to come to GitHub and create people like to come to GitHub and create issues and track them there. It's also a issues and track them there. It's also a issues and track them there. It's also a great way to track it internally for

[21:59] great way to track it internally for great way to track it internally for their team that's making the changes. their team that's making the changes. their team that's making the changes. And so I I think they put all of this And so I I think they put all of this And so I I think they put all of this here. It's it's like a normal open here. It's it's like a normal open here. It's it's like a normal open source repository with minus the code. A source repository with minus the code. A source repository with minus the code. A normal repository has a readme, install normal repository has a readme, install normal repository has a readme, install instructions, this issue list, pull instructions, this issue list, pull instructions, this issue list, pull request. They have all that stuff and request. They have all that stuff and request. They have all that stuff and documentation and code. This one is just documentation and code. This one is just documentation and code. This one is just missing the code. It it's it's missing the code. It it's it's missing the code. It it's it's everything else. But if you have a bug, everything else. But if you have a bug, everything else. But if you have a bug, this is a great place to go and report this is a great place to go and report this is a great place to go and report it uh on cloud code. it uh on cloud code. it uh on cloud code. &gt;&gt; I see. Okay. So, this is I could see why &gt;&gt; I see. Okay. So, this is I could see why &gt;&gt; I see. Okay. So, this is I could see why this would be useful. I can see why they

[22:29] this would be useful. I can see why they this would be useful. I can see why they why they put it out. It's not as why they put it out. It's not as why they put it out. It's not as exciting as I was hoping, but I get it. exciting as I was hoping, but I get it. exciting as I was hoping, but I get it. Let's go on to first stars. This is Let's go on to first stars. This is Let's go on to first stars. This is where people who watch us submit their where people who watch us submit their where people who watch us submit their repos and I often give them the first repos and I often give them the first repos and I often give them the first star right here while we're talking. And star right here while we're talking. And star right here while we're talking. And so, the first one that we're going to so, the first one that we're going to so, the first one that we're going to look at is logic loop. Five agents. Five look at is logic loop. Five agents. Five look at is logic loop. Five agents. Five agent terminals running. And the thing agent terminals running. And the thing agent terminals running. And the thing that breaks is your memory, not theirs. that breaks is your memory, not theirs. that breaks is your memory, not theirs. Here's the point. Here's the point. Here's the point. When I built the site for today, I used When I built the site for today, I used When I built the site for today, I used Claude Code Fable to design the pages. I Claude Code Fable to design the pages. I Claude Code Fable to design the pages. I used um codeex to find those videos that

[23:00] used um codeex to find those videos that used um codeex to find those videos that we decided not to use. I used cursor to we decided not to use. I used cursor to we decided not to use. I used cursor to let me do some remote work on it. And let me do some remote work on it. And let me do some remote work on it. And all of those were in different places. all of those were in different places. all of those were in different places. What this wants to do is bring them all What this wants to do is bring them all What this wants to do is bring them all together into a single place where together into a single place where together into a single place where they're all one tab away and easy to they're all one tab away and easy to they're all one tab away and easy to follow. That's the point, right? follow. That's the point, right? follow. That's the point, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Instead of opening codecs and &gt;&gt; Yeah. Instead of opening codecs and &gt;&gt; Yeah. Instead of opening codecs and cursor and all these things, those are cursor and all these things, those are cursor and all these things, those are all centered around the agents. This one all centered around the agents. This one all centered around the agents. This one is centered around projects and in one is centered around projects and in one is centered around projects and in one project you might use yeah five project you might use yeah five project you might use yeah five different types of agents. So it makes different types of agents. So it makes different types of agents. So it makes sense to open up a project workspace and

[23:30] sense to open up a project workspace and sense to open up a project workspace and then pick your agent. Not not the other then pick your agent. Not not the other then pick your agent. Not not the other way around. way around. way around. &gt;&gt; I gave it its fifth star and I'm &gt;&gt; I gave it its fifth star and I'm &gt;&gt; I gave it its fifth star and I'm noticing people are getting lots of noticing people are getting lots of noticing people are getting lots of stars after this. I want to make sure stars after this. I want to make sure stars after this. I want to make sure that we talk about as many as possible. that we talk about as many as possible. that we talk about as many as possible. All right. This one is called Claude All right. This one is called Claude All right. This one is called Claude Dashboard. every cloud code session on Dashboard. every cloud code session on Dashboard. every cloud code session on your machine. One board that tells you your machine. One board that tells you your machine. One board that tells you which one is stuck. which one is stuck. which one is stuck. Here it is. I'm going to give it its Here it is. I'm going to give it its Here it is. I'm going to give it its second star. And the screenshot I think second star. And the screenshot I think second star. And the screenshot I think is really helpful. I love when people is really helpful. I love when people is really helpful. I love when people are including screenshots. And we still are including screenshots. And we still are including screenshots. And we still need to do that. Guidelines for creating need to do that. Guidelines for creating need to do that. Guidelines for creating a good readme file, which I will get on a good readme file, which I will get on a good readme file, which I will get on when I get a little time. Next. I've

[24:00] when I get a little time. Next. I've when I get a little time. Next. I've gone back and forth with him so many gone back and forth with him so many gone back and forth with him so many times with the creator of this. It's times with the creator of this. It's times with the creator of this. It's called deck gauge. And I said, why do we called deck gauge. And I said, why do we called deck gauge. And I said, why do we need this? Why can't you put everything need this? Why can't you put everything need this? Why can't you put everything in Jira and have all those tasks come in Jira and have all those tasks come in Jira and have all those tasks come in? Why do you have to take tasks out of in? Why do you have to take tasks out of in? Why do you have to take tasks out of Jira? GitHub, etc., and put them into Jira? GitHub, etc., and put them into Jira? GitHub, etc., and put them into your own thing. And he made a good case your own thing. And he made a good case your own thing. And he made a good case for the way that he wanted it run. He for the way that he wanted it run. He for the way that he wanted it run. He wanted a few things that were available wanted a few things that were available wanted a few things that were available on other platforms, like the ability to on other platforms, like the ability to on other platforms, like the ability to naturally see where things are, to move naturally see where things are, to move naturally see where things are, to move tasks along when they're done, not tasks along when they're done, not tasks along when they're done, not necessarily when you when you uh when necessarily when you when you uh when necessarily when you when you uh when you slide them over. This is what it you slide them over. This is what it you slide them over. This is what it looks like. I hope I'm doing a good job

[24:30] looks like. I hope I'm doing a good job looks like. I hope I'm doing a good job explaining how it's putting it all explaining how it's putting it all explaining how it's putting it all together. He's got a test site here together. He's got a test site here together. He's got a test site here somewhere. Let me hit test. somewhere. Let me hit test. somewhere. Let me hit test. There it is. You can go to the demo There it is. You can go to the demo There it is. You can go to the demo page. You can use his test uh email and page. You can use his test uh email and page. You can use his test uh email and URL and you can try it. It's an internal URL and you can try it. It's an internal URL and you can try it. It's an internal tool that he decided, hey, you know tool that he decided, hey, you know tool that he decided, hey, you know what? I like this whole spirit of what? I like this whole spirit of what? I like this whole spirit of letting other people learn from each letting other people learn from each letting other people learn from each other. I'm going to make it open source. other. I'm going to make it open source. other. I'm going to make it open source. Next, Campus AIOS. Some of you may have Next, Campus AIOS. Some of you may have Next, Campus AIOS. Some of you may have seen Pulsia. It's a oneperson company, a seen Pulsia. It's a oneperson company, a seen Pulsia. It's a oneperson company, a zero person company actually, because zero person company actually, because zero person company actually, because you are the person, but you're like a you are the person, but you're like a you are the person, but you're like a chairman of the board or something, and

[25:00] chairman of the board or something, and chairman of the board or something, and then the AIs run it. I think that's the then the AIs run it. I think that's the then the AIs run it. I think that's the idea behind this. It's it's an AI idea behind this. It's it's an AI idea behind this. It's it's an AI department or set of departments that department or set of departments that department or set of departments that runs your company. runs your company. runs your company. Interesting idea. I like this. Interesting idea. I like this. Interesting idea. I like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like the idea of the compounding &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like the idea of the compounding &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like the idea of the compounding memory, too, as all these like piece all memory, too, as all these like piece all memory, too, as all these like piece all these different agents talk together and these different agents talk together and these different agents talk together and and learn over time. and learn over time. and learn over time. &gt;&gt; Over the last few days, the uh Grock &gt;&gt; Over the last few days, the uh Grock &gt;&gt; Over the last few days, the uh Grock team on X has been going live showing team on X has been going live showing team on X has been going live showing how you can use Grockbot to run a zero how you can use Grockbot to run a zero how you can use Grockbot to run a zero person company or how to build your person company or how to build your person company or how to build your business with it. And so, it's been

[25:30] business with it. And so, it's been business with it. And so, it's been interesting to see it. It's interesting interesting to see it. It's interesting interesting to see it. It's interesting to see that others are building it. to see that others are building it. to see that others are building it. Finally, Recker. We talked about this Finally, Recker. We talked about this Finally, Recker. We talked about this before. Um, and after I created it, he before. Um, and after I created it, he before. Um, and after I created it, he sent me some screenshots and I thought I sent me some screenshots and I thought I sent me some screenshots and I thought I would show it to you. What this does is, would show it to you. What this does is, would show it to you. What this does is, you know, you're using lots of different you know, you're using lots of different you know, you're using lots of different um lots of different LLMs and you want um lots of different LLMs and you want um lots of different LLMs and you want to see where am I? Am I running out of to see where am I? Am I running out of to see where am I? Am I running out of credits? How much money have I spent? credits? How much money have I spent? credits? How much money have I spent? And you often don't find out about it And you often don't find out about it And you often don't find out about it until you run out of cash. What he did until you run out of cash. What he did until you run out of cash. What he did was he created a dashboard that does was he created a dashboard that does was he created a dashboard that does this. And I I love that I can see from this. And I I love that I can see from this. And I I love that I can see from that bottom corner of his screenshots that bottom corner of his screenshots that bottom corner of his screenshots that he's doing this on an iPad cuz I

[26:01] that he's doing this on an iPad cuz I that he's doing this on an iPad cuz I still do a lot of my work on an iPad. still do a lot of my work on an iPad. still do a lot of my work on an iPad. And I like that this is something that And I like that this is something that And I like that this is something that is usable remotely like that. And I'm is usable remotely like that. And I'm is usable remotely like that. And I'm proud that did we give him a star last proud that did we give him a star last proud that did we give him a star last week. I'm proud that we're getting to week. I'm proud that we're getting to week. I'm proud that we're getting to promote again. Let's see where he is promote again. Let's see where he is promote again. Let's see where he is since. Look at this. We did. And he since. Look at this. We did. And he since. Look at this. We did. And he clearly was in the single digits. Now he clearly was in the single digits. Now he clearly was in the single digits. Now he is going bigger. All right. If you found is going bigger. All right. If you found is going bigger. All right. If you found this useful, do a few things for us. this useful, do a few things for us. this useful, do a few things for us. Please subscribe, like, and comment. The Please subscribe, like, and comment. The Please subscribe, like, and comment. The comment that I'd love to get is, "Were comment that I'd love to get is, "Were comment that I'd love to get is, "Were the videos helpful when I just kind of the videos helpful when I just kind of the videos helpful when I just kind of talked over them? Was it useful for you talked over them? Was it useful for you talked over them? Was it useful for you to see a little bit more in-depth? What

[26:31] to see a little bit more in-depth? What to see a little bit more in-depth? What else do you want to see?" You can tell else do you want to see?" You can tell else do you want to see?" You can tell that we're clearly studying everything that we're clearly studying everything that we're clearly studying everything we send over and trying to figure out we send over and trying to figure out we send over and trying to figure out how to be helpful. So, send it over in how to be helpful. So, send it over in how to be helpful. So, send it over in the comments. Subscribe. And if you the comments. Subscribe. And if you the comments. Subscribe. And if you think this top 10 list is good, I've got think this top 10 list is good, I've got think this top 10 list is good, I've got another top 10 that you need to see. And another top 10 that you need to see. And another top 10 that you need to see. And it's on your screen right here. I'll see it's on your screen right here. I'll see it's on your screen right here. I'll see you in there.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=1fHsIveXRa8
