# Transcript: We tested the same request on all 3

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IxiArssGvg
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 19:23 · Words: 10898
Other available languages: a-fr-FR (fr-FR) [auto], a-de-DE (de-DE) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-pt-BR (pt-BR) [auto], a-es-US (es-US) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/6IxiArssGvg.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=6IxiArssGvg

## Transcript
[0:01] Three new agents just came out. Should Three new agents just came out. Should you try them? What are they good for? We you try them? What are they good for? We you try them? What are they good for? We tried the exact same prompt on all three tried the exact same prompt on all three tried the exact same prompt on all three of them and we're going to show you of them and we're going to show you of them and we're going to show you where you should use these agents and where you should use these agents and where you should use these agents and where you should stay away. Let's get where you should stay away. Let's get where you should stay away. Let's get into it. Presented by Zapier, the AI into it. Presented by Zapier, the AI into it. Presented by Zapier, the AI automation company. Michael, which app automation company. Michael, which app automation company. Michael, which app is this and what are we looking at? is this and what are we looking at? is this and what are we looking at? &gt;&gt; Okay, so this is just my iMessage. This &gt;&gt; Okay, so this is just my iMessage. This &gt;&gt; Okay, so this is just my iMessage. This is just messaging app and I'm texting is just messaging app and I'm texting is just messaging app and I'm texting with Instinct. Instinct is an agent that with Instinct. Instinct is an agent that with Instinct. Instinct is an agent that is a free agent um that is all the rage is a free agent um that is all the rage is a free agent um that is all the rage right now. um where you just text it right now. um where you just text it right now. um where you just text it your request and it goes on do does a

[0:32] your request and it goes on do does a your request and it goes on do does a bunch of stuff for you. So bunch of stuff for you. So bunch of stuff for you. So &gt;&gt; and you use you use iMessage largely to &gt;&gt; and you use you use iMessage largely to &gt;&gt; and you use you use iMessage largely to interact with it, not any other app. interact with it, not any other app. interact with it, not any other app. &gt;&gt; Correct. I mean you can use WhatsApp um &gt;&gt; Correct. I mean you can use WhatsApp um &gt;&gt; Correct. I mean you can use WhatsApp um but I use it in in regular iMessage. but I use it in in regular iMessage. but I use it in in regular iMessage. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And said I want to go to Bear Valley uh &gt;&gt; And said I want to go to Bear Valley uh &gt;&gt; And said I want to go to Bear Valley uh the weekend of January 14th through the weekend of January 14th through the weekend of January 14th through 17th. Can you find an Airbnb that sleeps 17th. Can you find an Airbnb that sleeps 17th. Can you find an Airbnb that sleeps three and make sure it has an EV three and make sure it has an EV three and make sure it has an EV charger? Right. I have an electric car. charger? Right. I have an electric car. charger? Right. I have an electric car. Yep. And so, um, it said on it. It does Yep. And so, um, it said on it. It does Yep. And so, um, it said on it. It does this cute like I emojis to to indicate this cute like I emojis to to indicate this cute like I emojis to to indicate that it had did it. It comes back, I that it had did it. It comes back, I that it had did it. It comes back, I don't know, like 5 10 minutes later, and

[1:03] don't know, like 5 10 minutes later, and don't know, like 5 10 minutes later, and it says, "Here are the three options, it says, "Here are the three options, it says, "Here are the three options, right?" And it gives me these um three right?" And it gives me these um three right?" And it gives me these um three options in text format. And then it just options in text format. And then it just options in text format. And then it just gives me these links, like three links gives me these links, like three links gives me these links, like three links here. Um, and then it gives a here. Um, and then it gives a here. Um, and then it gives a suggestion. And it says I take 207 for suggestion. And it says I take 207 for suggestion. And it says I take 207 for the ratings or number 39 to save 120 the ratings or number 39 to save 120 the ratings or number 39 to save 120 bucks. So here's the thing. I don't know bucks. So here's the thing. I don't know bucks. So here's the thing. I don't know what 207 is. what 207 is. what 207 is. &gt;&gt; I don't know what 39 is, &gt;&gt; I don't know what 39 is, &gt;&gt; I don't know what 39 is, &gt;&gt; right? It's uh Oh, here Creek Side

[1:34] &gt;&gt; right? It's uh Oh, here Creek Side &gt;&gt; right? It's uh Oh, here Creek Side number 39. Okay, number 39. Okay, number 39. Okay, &gt;&gt; now I see. So, but but at first glance, &gt;&gt; now I see. So, but but at first glance, &gt;&gt; now I see. So, but but at first glance, like it's not clear to me, you know, I'm like it's not clear to me, you know, I'm like it's not clear to me, you know, I'm because I'm looking at these links. because I'm looking at these links. because I'm looking at these links. These are on my phone. you know, I'm These are on my phone. you know, I'm These are on my phone. you know, I'm clicking through each one to then see, clicking through each one to then see, clicking through each one to then see, you know, that which one I want because you know, that which one I want because you know, that which one I want because all the photos and I have to view them. all the photos and I have to view them. all the photos and I have to view them. Um, and so anyway, and then I said, did Um, and so anyway, and then I said, did Um, and so anyway, and then I said, did you [clears throat] find the most you [clears throat] find the most you [clears throat] find the most expensive ones on purpose, you know, cuz expensive ones on purpose, you know, cuz expensive ones on purpose, you know, cuz cuz um I was like, wait, this is kind of cuz um I was like, wait, this is kind of cuz um I was like, wait, this is kind of expensive for like three days, right?

[2:04] expensive for like three days, right? expensive for like three days, right? Like 2500 bucks or 1,500 bucks or Like 2500 bucks or 1,500 bucks or Like 2500 bucks or 1,500 bucks or whatever. And so it it said, "Ha, the whatever. And so it it said, "Ha, the whatever. And so it it said, "Ha, the charger did it, you know, in bare vly charger did it, you know, in bare vly charger did it, you know, in bare vly proper blah blah blah." It comes out to proper blah blah blah." It comes out to proper blah blah blah." It comes out to 8225 a night. Either way, um I went 8225 a night. Either way, um I went 8225 a night. Either way, um I went ahead and ahead and ahead and uh it found some places and I said, you uh it found some places and I said, you uh it found some places and I said, you know, find in the nearby area. Uh look know, find in the nearby area. Uh look know, find in the nearby area. Uh look around 20 30 minutes from the ski around 20 30 minutes from the ski around 20 30 minutes from the ski mountain, right? And so it found a bunch mountain, right? And so it found a bunch mountain, right? And so it found a bunch of different places. Um, and then

[2:36] of different places. Um, and then of different places. Um, and then suggested once again like a list of six suggested once again like a list of six suggested once again like a list of six places. You know, I'm I'm not really places. You know, I'm I'm not really places. You know, I'm I'm not really sure how to compare these. They tell me sure how to compare these. They tell me sure how to compare these. They tell me just how many it can sleep and then the just how many it can sleep and then the just how many it can sleep and then the ratings, but that's really about it. And ratings, but that's really about it. And ratings, but that's really about it. And then it gives me like links. So now I then it gives me like links. So now I then it gives me like links. So now I have to go click through um each one. I have to go click through um each one. I have to go click through um each one. I see these these photos and it's fine. Um see these these photos and it's fine. Um see these these photos and it's fine. Um anyway, so that's that's what I did for anyway, so that's that's what I did for anyway, so that's that's what I did for for this this search, but I did the same for this this search, but I did the same for this this search, but I did the same exact search in Grockbot and I wanted to exact search in Grockbot and I wanted to exact search in Grockbot and I wanted to see um what would it was like see um what would it was like see um what would it was like &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; to get the response from there. And so

[3:09] &gt;&gt; to get the response from there. And so &gt;&gt; to get the response from there. And so so I has the same request um so I has the same request um so I has the same request um in in Grockbot and it kind of gave me in in Grockbot and it kind of gave me in in Grockbot and it kind of gave me it's some weird things that said on it it's some weird things that said on it it's some weird things that said on it and then you know it assumed bear valley and then you know it assumed bear valley and then you know it assumed bear valley ski it's giving me a lot of verbose ski it's giving me a lot of verbose ski it's giving me a lot of verbose stuff exa capped out which is like a stuff exa capped out which is like a stuff exa capped out which is like a search API and I'm not sure if exa's I search API and I'm not sure if exa's I search API and I'm not sure if exa's I connected exa or grockbot has exa like connected exa or grockbot has exa like connected exa or grockbot has exa like I'm not really sure what happened. I got I'm not really sure what happened. I got I'm not really sure what happened. I got a response back. It found, you know, uh,

[3:42] a response back. It found, you know, uh, a response back. It found, you know, uh, similar results like 207 similar results like 207 similar results like 207 &gt;&gt; um, showed up over there. It showed up &gt;&gt; um, showed up over there. It showed up &gt;&gt; um, showed up over there. It showed up over here. Um, here it actually shows me over here. Um, here it actually shows me over here. Um, here it actually shows me a browser. So, I can click through a browser. So, I can click through a browser. So, I can click through through and sends me a screenshot of through and sends me a screenshot of through and sends me a screenshot of like the options and the map. like the options and the map. like the options and the map. &gt;&gt; Um, if I wanted to, um, I can open up &gt;&gt; Um, if I wanted to, um, I can open up &gt;&gt; Um, if I wanted to, um, I can open up that browser and see it. Um, and then I that browser and see it. Um, and then I that browser and see it. Um, and then I said, "Oh, I want to spend less than said, "Oh, I want to spend less than said, "Oh, I want to spend less than a,000 bucks to see if it gets anything, a,000 bucks to see if it gets anything, a,000 bucks to see if it gets anything, you know, uh, any other results." It you know, uh, any other results." It you know, uh, any other results." It did. Once again, it gave me the

[4:14] did. Once again, it gave me the did. Once again, it gave me the screenshot that I can click through and screenshot that I can click through and screenshot that I can click through and just take over the the Airbnb just take over the the Airbnb just take over the the Airbnb um, um, um, browser if I wanted to. browser if I wanted to. browser if I wanted to. &gt;&gt; And once again, it just links to the &gt;&gt; And once again, it just links to the &gt;&gt; And once again, it just links to the listings. And so, um, this it feels like listings. And so, um, this it feels like listings. And so, um, this it feels like it was like a kind of a glorified search it was like a kind of a glorified search it was like a kind of a glorified search results for both of them, which were it results for both of them, which were it results for both of them, which were it still made me do the work. Um, I could still made me do the work. Um, I could still made me do the work. Um, I could have both of them. I can know I can have have both of them. I can know I can have have both of them. I can know I can have um, Instinct purchase for me, but I

[4:44] um, Instinct purchase for me, but I um, Instinct purchase for me, but I wasn't ready to make the the choice for wasn't ready to make the the choice for wasn't ready to make the the choice for for those. for those. for those. &gt;&gt; Why would Instinct be able to purchase &gt;&gt; Why would Instinct be able to purchase &gt;&gt; Why would Instinct be able to purchase for you where Grockbot and we'll see for you where Grockbot and we'll see for you where Grockbot and we'll see Muse in a moment not? They should all be Muse in a moment not? They should all be Muse in a moment not? They should all be able to do it. able to do it. able to do it. &gt;&gt; They should. But I think that at the &gt;&gt; They should. But I think that at the &gt;&gt; They should. But I think that at the time that I had Grockbot didn't have time that I had Grockbot didn't have time that I had Grockbot didn't have like link connection, which is the like link connection, which is the like link connection, which is the Stripe uh purchasing capabilities. Stripe uh purchasing capabilities. Stripe uh purchasing capabilities. &gt;&gt; Um or it didn't have my login &gt;&gt; Um or it didn't have my login &gt;&gt; Um or it didn't have my login information from Airbnb. information from Airbnb. information from Airbnb. &gt;&gt; Um but either way, right now all of them &gt;&gt; Um but either way, right now all of them &gt;&gt; Um but either way, right now all of them can can get to that point.

[5:15] can can get to that point. can can get to that point. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um but it was actually easier. I ended &gt;&gt; Um but it was actually easier. I ended &gt;&gt; Um but it was actually easier. I ended up um liking the experience better on up um liking the experience better on up um liking the experience better on Muse. And let me show you kind of what Muse. And let me show you kind of what Muse. And let me show you kind of what that looked like. that looked like. that looked like. Because right now I'm feeling like you Because right now I'm feeling like you Because right now I'm feeling like you could get the result you want. I could could get the result you want. I could could get the result you want. I could with all with both of these I could say with all with both of these I could say with all with both of these I could say I want it in notion. I want it this way. I want it in notion. I want it this way. I want it in notion. I want it this way. I want screenshots above. I want links I want screenshots above. I want links I want screenshots above. I want links below. I want a single map with whatever below. I want a single map with whatever below. I want a single map with whatever &gt;&gt; a table to help me evaluate. You can ask &gt;&gt; a table to help me evaluate. You can ask &gt;&gt; a table to help me evaluate. You can ask for that. for that. for that. &gt;&gt; You can ask for it. But I didn't want to &gt;&gt; You can ask for it. But I didn't want to &gt;&gt; You can ask for it. But I didn't want to ask for I was just curious of like hey

[5:45] ask for I was just curious of like hey ask for I was just curious of like hey if I'm at first glance what am I going if I'm at first glance what am I going if I'm at first glance what am I going to I see to I see to I see &gt;&gt; um ask what am I going to get? If I &gt;&gt; um ask what am I going to get? If I &gt;&gt; um ask what am I going to get? If I wanted Yeah. a detailed report give me wanted Yeah. a detailed report give me wanted Yeah. a detailed report give me photos. Give me a PDF that I can browse. photos. Give me a PDF that I can browse. photos. Give me a PDF that I can browse. I could totally get that. It could I could totally get that. It could I could totally get that. It could scrape all that information, create a scrape all that information, create a scrape all that information, create a long thing for me, but I didn't want to long thing for me, but I didn't want to long thing for me, but I didn't want to go through that. go through that. go through that. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And then here, &gt;&gt; And then here, &gt;&gt; And then here, &gt;&gt; this is just your test to see what could &gt;&gt; this is just your test to see what could &gt;&gt; this is just your test to see what could they do when they're just on their own they do when they're just on their own they do when they're just on their own without enough guidance for me to see without enough guidance for me to see without enough guidance for me to see how smart they are. Okay. how smart they are. Okay. how smart they are. Okay. &gt;&gt; Look at this. &gt;&gt; Look at this. &gt;&gt; Look at this. &gt;&gt; Um, here I have the dates and it put &gt;&gt; Um, here I have the dates and it put &gt;&gt; Um, here I have the dates and it put together like a table like the ratings,

[6:15] together like a table like the ratings, together like a table like the ratings, you know, right away. It it has like you know, right away. It it has like you know, right away. It it has like just kind of better formatting just kind of better formatting just kind of better formatting &gt;&gt; um right away. It then allows me to then &gt;&gt; um right away. It then allows me to then &gt;&gt; um right away. It then allows me to then select these are selections where I can select these are selections where I can select these are selections where I can say um you know I want more information say um you know I want more information say um you know I want more information about specific ones. It allows me to it about specific ones. It allows me to it about specific ones. It allows me to it shows the cancellation dates for each shows the cancellation dates for each shows the cancellation dates for each one too which is super interesting. So one too which is super interesting. So one too which is super interesting. So it's like oh you can go book it and it's like oh you can go book it and it's like oh you can go book it and there's no problem because you can there's no problem because you can there's no problem because you can cancel it before January if you want. cancel it before January if you want. cancel it before January if you want. &gt;&gt; Uh and it totally fine. &gt;&gt; Uh and it totally fine. &gt;&gt; Uh and it totally fine. &gt;&gt; I asked it how close it was to the

[6:46] &gt;&gt; I asked it how close it was to the &gt;&gt; I asked it how close it was to the nearest mountains. I got that nearest mountains. I got that nearest mountains. I got that information because I liked the information because I liked the information because I liked the formatting. formatting. formatting. &gt;&gt; I then started having more in-depth &gt;&gt; I then started having more in-depth &gt;&gt; I then started having more in-depth conversations with this one because I conversations with this one because I conversations with this one because I trusted it more rather than the trusted it more rather than the trusted it more rather than the formatting in another way and I might be formatting in another way and I might be formatting in another way and I might be particular in in sort of how I like particular in in sort of how I like particular in in sort of how I like interacting with it. interacting with it. interacting with it. &gt;&gt; But it I found it interesting that I was &gt;&gt; But it I found it interesting that I was &gt;&gt; But it I found it interesting that I was then able to go ahead and you know learn then able to go ahead and you know learn then able to go ahead and you know learn more information about these places more information about these places more information about these places and get the details. Um, what else is

[7:18] and get the details. Um, what else is and get the details. Um, what else is interesting interesting interesting in terms of in terms of in terms of I didn't end I ended up booking this I didn't end I ended up booking this I didn't end I ended up booking this because one of the links that I clicked because one of the links that I clicked because one of the links that I clicked that I liked I it just pulled me up into that I liked I it just pulled me up into that I liked I it just pulled me up into the Airbnb app and I was already logged the Airbnb app and I was already logged the Airbnb app and I was already logged into the Airbnb app. So, it was really into the Airbnb app. So, it was really into the Airbnb app. So, it was really easy for me to just hit done rather than easy for me to just hit done rather than easy for me to just hit done rather than having an agent do that for me having an agent do that for me having an agent do that for me &gt;&gt; where Grockbot was saying, "Okay, here's &gt;&gt; where Grockbot was saying, "Okay, here's &gt;&gt; where Grockbot was saying, "Okay, here's a browser on my computer where you have a browser on my computer where you have a browser on my computer where you have to log in all over again." Okay. So if to log in all over again." Okay. So if to log in all over again." Okay. So if we're if we're taking a look, it seems we're if we're taking a look, it seems we're if we're taking a look, it seems like right now Muse is the one that was like right now Muse is the one that was like right now Muse is the one that was the most intuitive about how you as a

[7:49] the most intuitive about how you as a the most intuitive about how you as a human being want to be talked to and so human being want to be talked to and so human being want to be talked to and so and it connected to the app. and it connected to the app. and it connected to the app. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Yes. Very much so. Also, &gt;&gt; Yes. Very much so. Also, &gt;&gt; Yes. Very much so. Also, it was faster than everybody else. it was faster than everybody else. it was faster than everybody else. &gt;&gt; Like the response because the responses &gt;&gt; Like the response because the responses &gt;&gt; Like the response because the responses came in like all these I think what the came in like all these I think what the came in like all these I think what the thing was because Instinct and Grockbot thing was because Instinct and Grockbot thing was because Instinct and Grockbot took about 5 to 10 minutes like I went took about 5 to 10 minutes like I went took about 5 to 10 minutes like I went to go do something else. I didn't feel to go do something else. I didn't feel to go do something else. I didn't feel like I wanted to ask another question or like I wanted to ask another question or like I wanted to ask another question or a follow-up because the responses took a follow-up because the responses took a follow-up because the responses took so long and I wasn't sure that the

[8:21] so long and I wasn't sure that the so long and I wasn't sure that the follow-up questions would have been follow-up questions would have been follow-up questions would have been fast. But because the responses came fast. But because the responses came fast. But because the responses came back so quickly from Muse, I knew that I back so quickly from Muse, I knew that I back so quickly from Muse, I knew that I can just keep responding to it, right? can just keep responding to it, right? can just keep responding to it, right? And I said, "How far away is this?" And And I said, "How far away is this?" And And I said, "How far away is this?" And it responded it responded it responded near instantly, like a couple seconds near instantly, like a couple seconds near instantly, like a couple seconds later, and it it told me the time frame. later, and it it told me the time frame. later, and it it told me the time frame. &gt;&gt; You know what? That's the thing that &gt;&gt; You know what? That's the thing that &gt;&gt; You know what? That's the thing that talking to you and seeing you use it, talking to you and seeing you use it, talking to you and seeing you use it, I've learned. It is so much faster. And I've learned. It is so much faster. And I've learned. It is so much faster. And I forgot how much I'm waiting on Grobot I forgot how much I'm waiting on Grobot I forgot how much I'm waiting on Grobot to respond on all the other agents to to respond on all the other agents to to respond on all the other agents to come back at me. So much so that I send

[8:51] come back at me. So much so that I send come back at me. So much so that I send a message and I instinctively go and do a message and I instinctively go and do a message and I instinctively go and do something else. Okay. All right. And in something else. Okay. All right. And in something else. Okay. All right. And in fact, even not just these agents that fact, even not just these agents that fact, even not just these agents that are like personal assistant agents, even are like personal assistant agents, even are like personal assistant agents, even frankly with chat GPT, even with Claude, frankly with chat GPT, even with Claude, frankly with chat GPT, even with Claude, I ask it a thing and now I've trained I ask it a thing and now I've trained I ask it a thing and now I've trained myself go to another app and wait for myself go to another app and wait for myself go to another app and wait for the alert that pops up that brings me the alert that pops up that brings me the alert that pops up that brings me back when it's ready. And when I see you back when it's ready. And when I see you back when it's ready. And when I see you use it, it's instantaneous. In fact, do use it, it's instantaneous. In fact, do use it, it's instantaneous. In fact, do you want to just do a quick test on you want to just do a quick test on you want to just do a quick test on something, maybe a side conversation, something, maybe a side conversation, something, maybe a side conversation, say, I want to go to Mexico City. Where say, I want to go to Mexico City. Where say, I want to go to Mexico City. Where is a good place for me to stay? And is a good place for me to stay? And is a good place for me to stay? And let's see how fast it comes back because let's see how fast it comes back because let's see how fast it comes back because this is really fast.

[9:21] this is really fast. this is really fast. &gt;&gt; I want to go to Mexico City uh next &gt;&gt; I want to go to Mexico City uh next &gt;&gt; I want to go to Mexico City uh next weekend. Can you find some places on weekend. Can you find some places on weekend. Can you find some places on Airbnb? &gt;&gt; This is actually taking longer than we &gt;&gt; This is actually taking longer than we saw before previous examples. saw before previous examples. saw before previous examples. &gt;&gt; Okay, got a thumbs up. It's working on &gt;&gt; Okay, got a thumbs up. It's working on &gt;&gt; Okay, got a thumbs up. It's working on it. it. it. Okay, pulls up the browser. Okay, pulls up the browser. Okay, pulls up the browser. &gt;&gt; I'm on it &gt;&gt; I'm on it &gt;&gt; I'm on it here. Focusing on it. Chose a certain

[9:51] here. Focusing on it. Chose a certain here. Focusing on it. Chose a certain region. you can actually see um here we region. you can actually see um here we region. you can actually see um here we go. go. go. &gt;&gt; Honestly, this is fast, but it's not as &gt;&gt; Honestly, this is fast, but it's not as &gt;&gt; Honestly, this is fast, but it's not as immediate some of the other questions immediate some of the other questions immediate some of the other questions that I've seen you send over to it. that I've seen you send over to it. that I've seen you send over to it. &gt;&gt; So, let's see what what it's doing and &gt;&gt; So, let's see what what it's doing and &gt;&gt; So, let's see what what it's doing and why. Okay, so it finds the places and so and so here's what we'll do. here's what we'll do. here's what we'll do. So, it finds this Oh, translation. I So, it finds this Oh, translation. I So, it finds this Oh, translation. I think one of the things that it's think one of the things that it's think one of the things that it's interesting is that

[10:21] interesting is that interesting is that the it might be like Airbnb throwing it the it might be like Airbnb throwing it the it might be like Airbnb throwing it off because it's like you're you're off because it's like you're you're off because it's like you're you're viewing it in viewing it in viewing it in internationally. internationally. internationally. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; But either way, &gt;&gt; we can do the same thing. Like we can do &gt;&gt; we can do the same thing. Like we can do head-to-head timing on head-to-head timing on head-to-head timing on &gt;&gt; honestly at this point it doesn't even &gt;&gt; honestly at this point it doesn't even &gt;&gt; honestly at this point it doesn't even matter to me because the fact that it matter to me because the fact that it matter to me because the fact that it takes any more than 5 seconds means I takes any more than 5 seconds means I takes any more than 5 seconds means I should just go do something else and should just go do something else and should just go do something else and whether I get lost in something else whether I get lost in something else whether I get lost in something else right now right now right now &gt;&gt; or not doesn't matter. &gt;&gt; or not doesn't matter. &gt;&gt; or not doesn't matter. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I think what what people might &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I think what what people might &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I think what what people might not notice is like this you you're

[10:52] not notice is like this you you're not notice is like this you you're seeing the browser it's using and it's seeing the browser it's using and it's seeing the browser it's using and it's acting on right it's clicking through acting on right it's clicking through acting on right it's clicking through all these things getting all the details all these things getting all the details all these things getting all the details from these pages and then is going to from these pages and then is going to from these pages and then is going to come back with a response come back with a response come back with a response um um um &gt;&gt; but that's what it would do with all of &gt;&gt; but that's what it would do with all of &gt;&gt; but that's what it would do with all of them. them. them. &gt;&gt; By the way if you want to give your &gt;&gt; By the way if you want to give your &gt;&gt; By the way if you want to give your agent access to apps but also restrict agent access to apps but also restrict agent access to apps but also restrict it so it can't do anything dangerous use it so it can't do anything dangerous use it so it can't do anything dangerous use Zapier MCP. With Zapier MCP, you could Zapier MCP. With Zapier MCP, you could Zapier MCP. With Zapier MCP, you could connect your agent to over 8,000 connect your agent to over 8,000 connect your agent to over 8,000 different apps, but restrict what it can different apps, but restrict what it can different apps, but restrict what it can do. So maybe you wanted to read your do. So maybe you wanted to read your do. So maybe you wanted to read your email and draft new email, but not send

[11:23] email and draft new email, but not send email and draft new email, but not send email, Zapier MCP will allow you to do email, Zapier MCP will allow you to do email, Zapier MCP will allow you to do that very easily. And if you want to add that very easily. And if you want to add that very easily. And if you want to add multiple email accounts or multiple multiple email accounts or multiple multiple email accounts or multiple notion accounts or multiple anything notion accounts or multiple anything notion accounts or multiple anything accounts, Zapier MCP will enable you to accounts, Zapier MCP will enable you to accounts, Zapier MCP will enable you to do that. And again, restrict what kind do that. And again, restrict what kind do that. And again, restrict what kind of power agent has. So, this is the way of power agent has. So, this is the way of power agent has. So, this is the way to arm your agent with all the apps that to arm your agent with all the apps that to arm your agent with all the apps that you want, but also restrict it so it you want, but also restrict it so it you want, but also restrict it so it can't do anything dangerous. Go to can't do anything dangerous. Go to can't do anything dangerous. Go to zapier.com/mcp zapier.com/mcp zapier.com/mcp to try it for free right now. And if to try it for free right now. And if to try it for free right now. And if you're asked, tell them Andrew sent you. you're asked, tell them Andrew sent you. you're asked, tell them Andrew sent you. Let's get back into it. Instinct and

[11:53] Let's get back into it. Instinct and Let's get back into it. Instinct and Muse are both free. Muse has a free tier Muse are both free. Muse has a free tier Muse are both free. Muse has a free tier and then eventually they'll start to and then eventually they'll start to and then eventually they'll start to charge you. Instinct is free for now charge you. Instinct is free for now charge you. Instinct is free for now until they figure out their funding until they figure out their funding until they figure out their funding situation, right? and Grockbot is paid situation, right? and Grockbot is paid situation, right? and Grockbot is paid and they've reduced their entry price to and they've reduced their entry price to and they've reduced their entry price to about 20 bucks, but you'll burn through about 20 bucks, but you'll burn through about 20 bucks, but you'll burn through the 20 bucks pretty quickly. That's the the 20 bucks pretty quickly. That's the the 20 bucks pretty quickly. That's the price difference. What are some of the price difference. What are some of the price difference. What are some of the other differences that you've seen along other differences that you've seen along other differences that you've seen along all three of them? all three of them? all three of them? &gt;&gt; Um, I would say there's the ability to &gt;&gt; Um, I would say there's the ability to &gt;&gt; Um, I would say there's the ability to create connectors and um, Muse allows create connectors and um, Muse allows create connectors and um, Muse allows you to make your own connection. So, if

[12:23] you to make your own connection. So, if you to make your own connection. So, if there are any tools or thirdarty tools there are any tools or thirdarty tools there are any tools or thirdarty tools you want to use, it's really easy to do. you want to use, it's really easy to do. you want to use, it's really easy to do. Um, Grockbot is really good with um like Um, Grockbot is really good with um like Um, Grockbot is really good with um like different personas and skills and different personas and skills and different personas and skills and actions. So, I have friends who create actions. So, I have friends who create actions. So, I have friends who create skills and and then they can just share skills and and then they can just share skills and and then they can just share a link and I can install that um skill a link and I can install that um skill a link and I can install that um skill and now I have that process. and now I have that process. and now I have that process. &gt;&gt; In fact, let's just say it's more than a &gt;&gt; In fact, let's just say it's more than a &gt;&gt; In fact, let's just say it's more than a skill. It's a whole persona. So, if I skill. It's a whole persona. So, if I skill. It's a whole persona. So, if I create an agent that manages my my house create an agent that manages my my house create an agent that manages my my house that I'm now renting to somebody else, I

[12:54] that I'm now renting to somebody else, I that I'm now renting to somebody else, I can create a property manager agent and can create a property manager agent and can create a property manager agent and then if you decide you want to start then if you decide you want to start then if you decide you want to start renting your place out, I can give you renting your place out, I can give you renting your place out, I can give you the full agent. And obviously, it's the full agent. And obviously, it's the full agent. And obviously, it's skills, but it feels like it's a whole skills, but it feels like it's a whole skills, but it feels like it's a whole personality that comes along with it. personality that comes along with it. personality that comes along with it. So, I think that you're right by calling So, I think that you're right by calling So, I think that you're right by calling out that it's not just skills, which is out that it's not just skills, which is out that it's not just skills, which is traditionally a just a list of ways to traditionally a just a list of ways to traditionally a just a list of ways to do things. It's a whole personality, but do things. It's a whole personality, but do things. It's a whole personality, but also it's a process. They allow you to also it's a process. They allow you to also it's a process. They allow you to set up these uh steps where you can say, set up these uh steps where you can say, set up these uh steps where you can say, "Hey, on the first day do this, on the "Hey, on the first day do this, on the "Hey, on the first day do this, on the second day do this." And so you can have

[13:25] second day do this." And so you can have second day do this." And so you can have different um stages to things and different um stages to things and different um stages to things and different tools. Um so that's really different tools. Um so that's really different tools. Um so that's really interesting. So I like Grockbot for interesting. So I like Grockbot for interesting. So I like Grockbot for that. Uh, instinct I find it um I've that. Uh, instinct I find it um I've that. Uh, instinct I find it um I've been playing with it more of like a um been playing with it more of like a um been playing with it more of like a um you know an anthropologist less so on on you know an anthropologist less so on on you know an anthropologist less so on on a daily driver just because I find that a daily driver just because I find that a daily driver just because I find that not having control of the browser or not having control of the browser or not having control of the browser or seeing how it's doing things makes me seeing how it's doing things makes me seeing how it's doing things makes me trust it less. Um

[13:55] trust it less. Um trust it less. Um &gt;&gt; because what it does is it all works in &gt;&gt; because what it does is it all works in &gt;&gt; because what it does is it all works in iMessage. It doesn't let you open up the iMessage. It doesn't let you open up the iMessage. It doesn't let you open up the browser the way that you just did right browser the way that you just did right browser the way that you just did right now and see what it's clicking around. now and see what it's clicking around. now and see what it's clicking around. And there is a little bit of hidden And there is a little bit of hidden And there is a little bit of hidden magic with it which is a little scary. I magic with it which is a little scary. I magic with it which is a little scary. I think ClaVo from How I AI said I think ClaVo from How I AI said I think ClaVo from How I AI said I cancelled it and then it still had all cancelled it and then it still had all cancelled it and then it still had all of my data in it because it saved my of my data in it because it saved my of my data in it because it saved my data and I didn't realize it was saving data and I didn't realize it was saving data and I didn't realize it was saving my data from my email in the cloud. So my data from my email in the cloud. So my data from my email in the cloud. So there's a little bit of a fear there and there's a little bit of a fear there and there's a little bit of a fear there and a little bit of an of an overreach it a little bit of an of an overreach it a little bit of an of an overreach it feels or at least an uncertainty. But feels or at least an uncertainty. But feels or at least an uncertainty. But the upside of that is it happens in the upside of that is it happens in the upside of that is it happens in iMessage and I think you can also

[14:26] iMessage and I think you can also iMessage and I think you can also include your spouse in it or you you're include your spouse in it or you you're include your spouse in it or you you're not married right now but your not married right now but your not married right now but your girlfriend in it and you in a same girlfriend in it and you in a same girlfriend in it and you in a same iMessage with it. And so it becomes an iMessage with it. And so it becomes an iMessage with it. And so it becomes an easier way to onboard people in your easier way to onboard people in your easier way to onboard people in your life into this. life into this. life into this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I think that Muse is starting &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I think that Muse is starting &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I think that Muse is starting to push on more so than anyone else to push on more so than anyone else to push on more so than anyone else right now in the multiplayer agents. And right now in the multiplayer agents. And right now in the multiplayer agents. And so what that means what that means is is so what that means what that means is is so what that means what that means is is that um if you had a Muse account and I that um if you had a Muse account and I that um if you had a Muse account and I have a music account, I can say, "Hey, I have a music account, I can say, "Hey, I have a music account, I can say, "Hey, I want to schedule time to meet with want to schedule time to meet with want to schedule time to meet with Andrew. Uh go ahead and do it." And so

[14:58] Andrew. Uh go ahead and do it." And so Andrew. Uh go ahead and do it." And so so not muse instinct account. And so the so not muse instinct account. And so the so not muse instinct account. And so the instinct agent that represents you and instinct agent that represents you and instinct agent that represents you and the instinct agent that represents me the instinct agent that represents me the instinct agent that represents me will coordinate will coordinate will coordinate and so we'll go back and forth and try and so we'll go back and forth and try and so we'll go back and forth and try to find a time. Right? to find a time. Right? to find a time. Right? &gt;&gt; Okay. That's great. That is that is the &gt;&gt; Okay. That's great. That is that is the &gt;&gt; Okay. That's great. That is that is the premise. Or it can take into account premise. Or it can take into account premise. Or it can take into account like hey we're planning this ski weekend like hey we're planning this ski weekend like hey we're planning this ski weekend and it can take into account oh hey MSG and it can take into account oh hey MSG and it can take into account oh hey MSG has an electric vehicle uh he needs a has an electric vehicle uh he needs a has an electric vehicle uh he needs a charger like oh we need to have you know

[15:28] charger like oh we need to have you know charger like oh we need to have you know three beds or whatever it is. Uh so each three beds or whatever it is. Uh so each three beds or whatever it is. Uh so each person can bring their own uh person can bring their own uh person can bring their own uh preferences preferences preferences in that coordination in that coordination in that coordination uh around things. So that's uh around things. So that's uh around things. So that's &gt;&gt; how do you connect another human being &gt;&gt; how do you connect another human being &gt;&gt; how do you connect another human being into this? Where is the place where you into this? Where is the place where you into this? Where is the place where you another person? So there's a a profile another person? So there's a a profile another person? So there's a a profile to do that. Um they had sent me a to do that. Um they had sent me a to do that. Um they had sent me a message message message um yesterday, I believe. Oh, here it is. It yesterday, I believe. Oh, here it is. It says coordinate directory with other

[15:59] says coordinate directory with other says coordinate directory with other people's instincts, picking a time, people's instincts, picking a time, people's instincts, picking a time, planning trips, sorting, shared planning trips, sorting, shared planning trips, sorting, shared logistics. You also have 15 extra logistics. You also have 15 extra logistics. You also have 15 extra invites. So if any of your listeners invites. So if any of your listeners invites. So if any of your listeners want uh an invite, um just message me on want uh an invite, um just message me on want uh an invite, um just message me on MSG uh on X. just msg onx. I'll send you MSG uh on X. just msg onx. I'll send you MSG uh on X. just msg onx. I'll send you an invite. Um an invite. Um an invite. Um &gt;&gt; below. &gt;&gt; below. &gt;&gt; below. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the idea is is that you have a &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the idea is is that you have a &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the idea is is that you have a trusted network and so you log into trusted network and so you log into trusted network and so you log into their website. They have a website and their website. They have a website and their website. They have a website and you can just put that person's contact you can just put that person's contact you can just put that person's contact information there. It's a way for them information there. It's a way for them information there. It's a way for them to one grow their network around people

[16:30] to one grow their network around people to one grow their network around people using their uh tool but also uh to make using their uh tool but also uh to make using their uh tool but also uh to make it you know more efficient rather than it you know more efficient rather than it you know more efficient rather than texting over iMessage like you had said texting over iMessage like you had said texting over iMessage like you had said like maybe we're in a group chat like maybe we're in a group chat like maybe we're in a group chat together with the instinct that is together with the instinct that is together with the instinct that is actually costly uh to do because then actually costly uh to do because then actually costly uh to do because then it's reading every single message it it's reading every single message it it's reading every single message it doesn't know when it needs to reach out doesn't know when it needs to reach out doesn't know when it needs to reach out or when it doesn't need to. So, it would or when it doesn't need to. So, it would or when it doesn't need to. So, it would prefer instead of me and my wife being prefer instead of me and my wife being prefer instead of me and my wife being in the same iMessage group, it would in the same iMessage group, it would in the same iMessage group, it would prefer that she have her own Instinct prefer that she have her own Instinct prefer that she have her own Instinct account, I have my own and behind the account, I have my own and behind the account, I have my own and behind the scenes allow them to communicate when I

[17:00] scenes allow them to communicate when I scenes allow them to communicate when I tell them to communicate with each tell them to communicate with each tell them to communicate with each other. other. other. &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. &gt;&gt; Okay. But that is the main interface, is &gt;&gt; Okay. But that is the main interface, is &gt;&gt; Okay. But that is the main interface, is it for Instinct iMessage? it for Instinct iMessage? it for Instinct iMessage? &gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. They they're right now &gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. They they're right now &gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. They they're right now um that's the main interface. It's kind um that's the main interface. It's kind um that's the main interface. It's kind of there, you know, I I assume that that of there, you know, I I assume that that of there, you know, I I assume that that people will try to build, you know, people will try to build, you know, people will try to build, you know, their own functionality. However, you their own functionality. However, you their own functionality. However, you know, building a a an app for messaging know, building a a an app for messaging know, building a a an app for messaging is its own dedicated experience. You is its own dedicated experience. You is its own dedicated experience. You need to have, you know, a team that is need to have, you know, a team that is need to have, you know, a team that is just dedicated to that. And I think that

[17:30] just dedicated to that. And I think that just dedicated to that. And I think that their core functionality is actually their core functionality is actually their core functionality is actually their agent system, agent harness, like their agent system, agent harness, like their agent system, agent harness, like an entire loop to to do things an entire loop to to do things an entire loop to to do things efficiently. And so, we'll see. We'll efficiently. And so, we'll see. We'll efficiently. And so, we'll see. We'll see. So, okay, business coding, things see. So, okay, business coding, things see. So, okay, business coding, things like that, multiple agents, Grockbot, like that, multiple agents, Grockbot, like that, multiple agents, Grockbot, ease of use, especially with other ease of use, especially with other ease of use, especially with other people. If you have iMessage, Instinct, people. If you have iMessage, Instinct, people. If you have iMessage, Instinct, and it's free. If you are in the and it's free. If you are in the and it's free. If you are in the Facebook ecosystem and you need access Facebook ecosystem and you need access Facebook ecosystem and you need access to Instagram, to Facebook, to to Instagram, to Facebook, to to Instagram, to Facebook, to marketplace on Facebook, etc. You want

[18:00] marketplace on Facebook, etc. You want marketplace on Facebook, etc. You want to start for free, that is Muse. That's to start for free, that is Muse. That's to start for free, that is Muse. That's where they all shake out and that's where they all shake out and that's where they all shake out and that's where they all fit in. Am I right? where they all fit in. Am I right? where they all fit in. Am I right? &gt;&gt; Totally. I think that the interesting &gt;&gt; Totally. I think that the interesting &gt;&gt; Totally. I think that the interesting part is Muse charges you the more you part is Muse charges you the more you part is Muse charges you the more you use it. Instinct doesn't. Instinct is use it. Instinct doesn't. Instinct is use it. Instinct doesn't. Instinct is right now VC funded. It's kind of like right now VC funded. It's kind of like right now VC funded. It's kind of like the equivalent of when, you know, Uber the equivalent of when, you know, Uber the equivalent of when, you know, Uber was giving out $5 rides to anywhere, you was giving out $5 rides to anywhere, you was giving out $5 rides to anywhere, you know, you can go 40 miles and they'll know, you can go 40 miles and they'll know, you can go 40 miles and they'll charge you like five bucks. Um, I think charge you like five bucks. Um, I think charge you like five bucks. Um, I think that's the same thing that's happening that's the same thing that's happening that's the same thing that's happening right now with Instinct. We'll see how right now with Instinct. We'll see how right now with Instinct. We'll see how long it lasts. They're, you know, long it lasts. They're, you know, long it lasts. They're, you know, supposedly trying to raise a billion

[18:31] supposedly trying to raise a billion supposedly trying to raise a billion dollars uh to give away free dollars uh to give away free dollars uh to give away free agents to people, agents to people, agents to people, &gt;&gt; but you can't even go to their homepage. &gt;&gt; but you can't even go to their homepage. &gt;&gt; but you can't even go to their homepage. They've got like the ultimate troll They've got like the ultimate troll They've got like the ultimate troll homepage that has nothing but text. You homepage that has nothing but text. You homepage that has nothing but text. You can't sign up. You need to know somebody can't sign up. You need to know somebody can't sign up. You need to know somebody in order to do it. In this case, if in order to do it. In this case, if in order to do it. In this case, if you're listening to us, you know you're listening to us, you know you're listening to us, you know Michael, you know MSG. I'll link you Michael, you know MSG. I'll link you Michael, you know MSG. I'll link you over to his ex account below. And if you over to his ex account below. And if you over to his ex account below. And if you need another direction to come in, we'll need another direction to come in, we'll need another direction to come in, we'll have another link to get you in. And I have another link to get you in. And I have another link to get you in. And I want to make it easy for you all to get want to make it easy for you all to get want to make it easy for you all to get signed up with this. And of course, signed up with this. And of course, signed up with this. And of course, we'll have a link to Muse. So, if you we'll have a link to Muse. So, if you we'll have a link to Muse. So, if you want to sign up to Muse or Grockbot, want to sign up to Muse or Grockbot, want to sign up to Muse or Grockbot, there'll be links there below, too. And

[19:01] there'll be links there below, too. And there'll be links there below, too. And now that you've seen how this works, if now that you've seen how this works, if now that you've seen how this works, if you want to try an agent with your you want to try an agent with your you want to try an agent with your company and you want to see how that company and you want to see how that company and you want to see how that works, I find actually, Michael, that works, I find actually, Michael, that works, I find actually, Michael, that none of these are really good for adding none of these are really good for adding none of these are really good for adding a team of people in to work with them as a team of people in to work with them as a team of people in to work with them as a as a company. Hyper Agent I find to be a as a company. Hyper Agent I find to be a as a company. Hyper Agent I find to be really good at that. I've got a video really good at that. I've got a video really good at that. I've got a video with Alex from Hyper Agent for you all with Alex from Hyper Agent for you all with Alex from Hyper Agent for you all to watch below, and you'll see why. to watch below, and you'll see why. to watch below, and you'll see why. That's the one that I use in my company, That's the one that I use in my company, That's the one that I use in my company, and the others I use personally. We'll and the others I use personally. We'll and the others I use personally. We'll link it. link it. link it. &gt;&gt; Nice. That's awesome.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=6IxiArssGvg
