# Transcript: How to Build Codex Skills Better than 99% of People

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KOtMsZ9I28
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 27:02 · Words: 20263
Other available languages: a-nl-NL (nl-NL) [auto], a-fr-FR (fr-FR) [auto], a-de-DE (de-DE) [auto], a-iw (iw) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-ja (ja) [auto], a-ko (ko) [auto], a-ml (ml) [auto], a-pl (pl) [auto], a-pt-BR (pt-BR) [auto], a-pa (pa) [auto], a-ru (ru) [auto], a-es-US (es-US) [auto], a-ta (ta) [auto], a-te (te) [auto], a-uk (uk) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/9KOtMsZ9I28.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=9KOtMsZ9I28

## Transcript
[0:01] Today, I've got this proven six-step Today, I've got this proven six-step process for building codec skills better process for building codec skills better process for building codec skills better than 99% of people. So, let's not waste than 99% of people. So, let's not waste than 99% of people. So, let's not waste any time and just get straight into this any time and just get straight into this any time and just get straight into this one. All right, so these are the six one. All right, so these are the six one. All right, so these are the six steps that I'm going to go over. I'm steps that I'm going to go over. I'm steps that I'm going to go over. I'm going to explain each of these and tell going to explain each of these and tell going to explain each of these and tell you why they're so important and then you why they're so important and then you why they're so important and then we're going to get into Codex and we're going to get into Codex and we're going to get into Codex and actually try some of the stuff out. And actually try some of the stuff out. And actually try some of the stuff out. And real quick before we get started, I'm real quick before we get started, I'm real quick before we get started, I'm going to talk about what actually is a going to talk about what actually is a going to talk about what actually is a skill. So, if you already know what a skill. So, if you already know what a skill. So, if you already know what a skill is, then just go ahead and skip skill is, then just go ahead and skip skill is, then just go ahead and skip past this part. But for those of you who past this part. But for those of you who past this part. But for those of you who need a refresher, here we go. So, I'm need a refresher, here we go. So, I'm need a refresher, here we go. So, I'm going to use my chocolate chip pancake going to use my chocolate chip pancake going to use my chocolate chip pancake analogy. Let's say we have this chef and analogy. Let's say we have this chef and analogy. Let's say we have this chef and this chef makes the most amazing this chef makes the most amazing this chef makes the most amazing chocolate chip pancakes and you want to chocolate chip pancakes and you want to chocolate chip pancakes and you want to know how to make those. This is know how to make those. This is know how to make those. This is essentially the output that you're

[0:32] essentially the output that you're essentially the output that you're looking for. The way that you would be looking for. The way that you would be looking for. The way that you would be able to copy this chef is by looking at able to copy this chef is by looking at able to copy this chef is by looking at the recipe that the chef used or the the recipe that the chef used or the the recipe that the chef used or the recipe that the chef made. So the chef recipe that the chef made. So the chef recipe that the chef made. So the chef gives you the recipe. This is you. And gives you the recipe. This is you. And gives you the recipe. This is you. And now you're able to pretty much make the now you're able to pretty much make the now you're able to pretty much make the exact same output, the really, you know, exact same output, the really, you know, exact same output, the really, you know, popular famous chocolate chip pancakes popular famous chocolate chip pancakes popular famous chocolate chip pancakes because you followed the recipe. So this because you followed the recipe. So this because you followed the recipe. So this recipe is basically the skill. This is recipe is basically the skill. This is recipe is basically the skill. This is essentially the skill.mmd file which essentially the skill.mmd file which essentially the skill.mmd file which means a markdown file. It's just a means a markdown file. It's just a means a markdown file. It's just a simple language. It just means that simple language. It just means that simple language. It just means that inside of the skill file there are like inside of the skill file there are like inside of the skill file there are like pound signs and asterisks to indicate pound signs and asterisks to indicate pound signs and asterisks to indicate like bullet points and headers and

[1:02] like bullet points and headers and like bullet points and headers and things like that. So it's it's just things like that. So it's it's just things like that. So it's it's just natural language. But then the agent is natural language. But then the agent is natural language. But then the agent is basically able to take this skill file basically able to take this skill file basically able to take this skill file and just use it so that if you say, and just use it so that if you say, and just use it so that if you say, "Hey, Mr. AI agent, you know, make me "Hey, Mr. AI agent, you know, make me "Hey, Mr. AI agent, you know, make me those chocolate chip pancakes." It those chocolate chip pancakes." It those chocolate chip pancakes." It wouldn't have to be like, "Okay, well, wouldn't have to be like, "Okay, well, wouldn't have to be like, "Okay, well, let me just do some research on how to let me just do some research on how to let me just do some research on how to make them. And I don't know exactly what make them. And I don't know exactly what make them. And I don't know exactly what kind of pancakes Nate wants. I don't kind of pancakes Nate wants. I don't kind of pancakes Nate wants. I don't know how big they should be." So what know how big they should be." So what know how big they should be." So what I'll do is I'll just follow this skill. I'll do is I'll just follow this skill. I'll do is I'll just follow this skill. I'll follow the recipe and now I get the I'll follow the recipe and now I get the I'll follow the recipe and now I get the same output that Nate's looking for and same output that Nate's looking for and same output that Nate's looking for and I get it consistently the same every I get it consistently the same every I get it consistently the same every single time because it's all documented single time because it's all documented single time because it's all documented for me right here. And these can be for me right here. And these can be for me right here. And these can be really simple. It can be a simple prompt really simple. It can be a simple prompt really simple. It can be a simple prompt like, hey, you know, help me turn this

[1:32] like, hey, you know, help me turn this like, hey, you know, help me turn this email into something that's more email into something that's more email into something that's more professional or something that sounds professional or something that sounds professional or something that sounds like me and maybe that's like my nate like me and maybe that's like my nate like me and maybe that's like my nate email skill. But it could also be email skill. But it could also be email skill. But it could also be complicated processes like doing complicated processes like doing complicated processes like doing research on the market and analyzing, research on the market and analyzing, research on the market and analyzing, you know, 50 stocks and telling you you know, 50 stocks and telling you you know, 50 stocks and telling you which one to buy. So really, it's which one to buy. So really, it's which one to buy. So really, it's whenever you want to basically like whenever you want to basically like whenever you want to basically like codify some sort of process that you do codify some sort of process that you do codify some sort of process that you do and so that you can delegate that and so that you can delegate that and so that you can delegate that process to an agent and then you turn it process to an agent and then you turn it process to an agent and then you turn it into a skill and now your agent can use into a skill and now your agent can use into a skill and now your agent can use those skills. All right, so now that those skills. All right, so now that those skills. All right, so now that that is out of the way, let's start with that is out of the way, let's start with that is out of the way, let's start with number one up here where we have reverse number one up here where we have reverse number one up here where we have reverse engineer. So the whole idea with reverse

[2:02] engineer. So the whole idea with reverse engineer. So the whole idea with reverse engineering your skills is basically engineering your skills is basically engineering your skills is basically that you want to start with an output. that you want to start with an output. that you want to start with an output. You want to start with what is the You want to start with what is the You want to start with what is the definition of done? What are you definition of done? What are you definition of done? What are you actually looking for? Because let's say actually looking for? Because let's say actually looking for? Because let's say you ask your agent here for chicken, for you ask your agent here for chicken, for you ask your agent here for chicken, for example, and you actually want like example, and you actually want like example, and you actually want like chicken parmesan on a bed of pasta, but chicken parmesan on a bed of pasta, but chicken parmesan on a bed of pasta, but because you just said chicken, the agent because you just said chicken, the agent because you just said chicken, the agent might interpret that a little bit might interpret that a little bit might interpret that a little bit differently and make you a chicken differently and make you a chicken differently and make you a chicken sandwich. And then next time you ask for sandwich. And then next time you ask for sandwich. And then next time you ask for chicken, it might make you, you know, chicken, it might make you, you know, chicken, it might make you, you know, chicken thighs. It doesn't actually know chicken thighs. It doesn't actually know chicken thighs. It doesn't actually know specifically what you want. So if you specifically what you want. So if you specifically what you want. So if you start with an output and you have, you

[2:32] start with an output and you have, you start with an output and you have, you know, essentially this chicken parmesan know, essentially this chicken parmesan know, essentially this chicken parmesan and you say, "Okay, let's reverse and you say, "Okay, let's reverse and you say, "Okay, let's reverse engineer this food and see what went engineer this food and see what went engineer this food and see what went into it, how long we cooked it, how did into it, how long we cooked it, how did into it, how long we cooked it, how did we get here?" And that's how you build we get here?" And that's how you build we get here?" And that's how you build the recipe. So, for example, if you the recipe. So, for example, if you the recipe. So, for example, if you wanted to build a skill for the end of wanted to build a skill for the end of wanted to build a skill for the end of the week report, you've got certain the week report, you've got certain the week report, you've got certain columns in your Excel sheet. You've got columns in your Excel sheet. You've got columns in your Excel sheet. You've got certain calculations that were made, certain calculations that were made, certain calculations that were made, it's way easier to give the agent that it's way easier to give the agent that it's way easier to give the agent that Excel sheet to give it the final Excel sheet to give it the final Excel sheet to give it the final deliverable and say, "Hey, this is an deliverable and say, "Hey, this is an deliverable and say, "Hey, this is an output that is really good and this is output that is really good and this is output that is really good and this is what I want to build a skill for so that what I want to build a skill for so that what I want to build a skill for so that you understand how to take some raw you understand how to take some raw you understand how to take some raw input and turn it into this output that input and turn it into this output that input and turn it into this output that I have already told you that I like and

[3:03] I have already told you that I like and I have already told you that I like and this is what we're looking for every this is what we're looking for every this is what we're looking for every time." And then it can basically walk time." And then it can basically walk time." And then it can basically walk you backwards through that process. you backwards through that process. you backwards through that process. Okay, what data did you look at? where Okay, what data did you look at? where Okay, what data did you look at? where did you get it from? How did you did you get it from? How did you did you get it from? How did you calculate it? Where did you format it? calculate it? Where did you format it? calculate it? Where did you format it? You answer those questions and then you You answer those questions and then you You answer those questions and then you have a version of a skill that already have a version of a skill that already have a version of a skill that already knows sort of like the north star that knows sort of like the north star that knows sort of like the north star that it's building towards. I think it's so it's building towards. I think it's so it's building towards. I think it's so much easier to run the process, get the much easier to run the process, get the much easier to run the process, get the output and say, "Okay, let's turn that output and say, "Okay, let's turn that output and say, "Okay, let's turn that into a skill." Rather than saying, "Hey, into a skill." Rather than saying, "Hey, into a skill." Rather than saying, "Hey, build me a skill for building a YouTube build me a skill for building a YouTube build me a skill for building a YouTube dashboard." And then you might have this dashboard." And then you might have this dashboard." And then you might have this vision and your agent might have a vision and your agent might have a vision and your agent might have a completely different vision. And then completely different vision. And then completely different vision. And then you're going to get frustrated when it you're going to get frustrated when it you're going to get frustrated when it delivers you a chicken sandwich and you

[3:33] delivers you a chicken sandwich and you delivers you a chicken sandwich and you actually wanted chicken parm. Now actually wanted chicken parm. Now actually wanted chicken parm. Now remember, all of these concepts I'm remember, all of these concepts I'm remember, all of these concepts I'm going to, you know, bring back together going to, you know, bring back together going to, you know, bring back together when we actually hop into Codex and I when we actually hop into Codex and I when we actually hop into Codex and I show you some stuff. But let's just keep show you some stuff. But let's just keep show you some stuff. But let's just keep moving down the list because I think moving down the list because I think moving down the list because I think this foundation is important. So number this foundation is important. So number this foundation is important. So number two, we have one specific job and one two, we have one specific job and one two, we have one specific job and one specific trigger. So remember how I said specific trigger. So remember how I said specific trigger. So remember how I said that these skills are markdown files. that these skills are markdown files. that these skills are markdown files. Skill.m MD. What happens in the skill.md Skill.m MD. What happens in the skill.md Skill.m MD. What happens in the skill.md is you've got a YAML description. It's is you've got a YAML description. It's is you've got a YAML description. It's called YAML front matter. And then called YAML front matter. And then called YAML front matter. And then you've got the actual skill you've got the actual skill you've got the actual skill instructions, which is the meat of the instructions, which is the meat of the instructions, which is the meat of the skill. So right here is one of the skill. So right here is one of the skill. So right here is one of the skills that I'm going to keep coming skills that I'm going to keep coming skills that I'm going to keep coming back to in this video because it's it's back to in this video because it's it's back to in this video because it's it's one of my favorite skills. And you can

[4:04] one of my favorite skills. And you can one of my favorite skills. And you can see up here this metadata, this is the see up here this metadata, this is the see up here this metadata, this is the YAML front matter. So if I view the YAML front matter. So if I view the YAML front matter. So if I view the source, it looks like this. It's source, it looks like this. It's source, it looks like this. It's actually just separated by these three actually just separated by these three actually just separated by these three dashes. So this would be the YAML front dashes. So this would be the YAML front dashes. So this would be the YAML front matter. And then everything below it matter. And then everything below it matter. And then everything below it would be the actual instructions of the would be the actual instructions of the would be the actual instructions of the skill. Now this is markdown. And when I skill. Now this is markdown. And when I skill. Now this is markdown. And when I said markdown is very simple. It is. You said markdown is very simple. It is. You said markdown is very simple. It is. You can see here are two pound signs. And can see here are two pound signs. And can see here are two pound signs. And that just indicates a header. We can see that just indicates a header. We can see that just indicates a header. We can see that we've got these little dashes which that we've got these little dashes which that we've got these little dashes which are bullet points. And so when markdown are bullet points. And so when markdown are bullet points. And so when markdown is actually rendered, it looks more is actually rendered, it looks more is actually rendered, it looks more something like this. And you can see something like this. And you can see something like this. And you can see it's just formatted better. So this is it's just formatted better. So this is it's just formatted better. So this is the way that I like to look at it. But

[4:34] the way that I like to look at it. But the way that I like to look at it. But if you click on view source inside of if you click on view source inside of if you click on view source inside of the Codex app, you can see the raw the Codex app, you can see the raw the Codex app, you can see the raw markdown file. But anyways, the metadata markdown file. But anyways, the metadata markdown file. But anyways, the metadata up here is the YAML front matter and up here is the YAML front matter and up here is the YAML front matter and that tells us what is the name of the that tells us what is the name of the that tells us what is the name of the skill and when do you explicitly use it. skill and when do you explicitly use it. skill and when do you explicitly use it. And there are other fields that can be And there are other fields that can be And there are other fields that can be populated in here like in this one we populated in here like in this one we populated in here like in this one we have an argument hint. And basically have an argument hint. And basically have an argument hint. And basically this X article skill is used when I ask this X article skill is used when I ask this X article skill is used when I ask my agent to turn an YouTube video into a my agent to turn an YouTube video into a my agent to turn an YouTube video into a long form X post. And so sometimes it'll long form X post. And so sometimes it'll long form X post. And so sometimes it'll feed in this argument which is my feed in this argument which is my feed in this argument which is my YouTube video URL that it will take, it YouTube video URL that it will take, it YouTube video URL that it will take, it will download, it will transcribe it, it will download, it will transcribe it, it will download, it will transcribe it, it will take screenshots of it, all that

[5:05] will take screenshots of it, all that will take screenshots of it, all that sort of, you know, all the stuff. And sort of, you know, all the stuff. And sort of, you know, all the stuff. And then once the agent has basically said, then once the agent has basically said, then once the agent has basically said, "Okay, cool. Nate wants to turn this "Okay, cool. Nate wants to turn this "Okay, cool. Nate wants to turn this YouTube video into an X article." So, YouTube video into an X article." So, YouTube video into an X article." So, okay, cool. I found this skill that I okay, cool. I found this skill that I okay, cool. I found this skill that I need to use. Now that I know this is the need to use. Now that I know this is the need to use. Now that I know this is the skill I'm going to invoke, let me read skill I'm going to invoke, let me read skill I'm going to invoke, let me read the entire description of the skill. So the entire description of the skill. So the entire description of the skill. So now I understand exactly what to now I understand exactly what to now I understand exactly what to actually do. And you can see this skill actually do. And you can see this skill actually do. And you can see this skill is pretty long. There's a lot of is pretty long. There's a lot of is pretty long. There's a lot of instructions in here. And this wasn't instructions in here. And this wasn't instructions in here. And this wasn't like me on one try turning this into a like me on one try turning this into a like me on one try turning this into a skill. This is probably a skill that's skill. This is probably a skill that's skill. This is probably a skill that's been iterated on 25 or more times. And been iterated on 25 or more times. And been iterated on 25 or more times. And we'll talk more about that in a bit. But we'll talk more about that in a bit. But we'll talk more about that in a bit. But the whole idea is that you want a skill the whole idea is that you want a skill the whole idea is that you want a skill to do one very specific job. You don't

[5:35] to do one very specific job. You don't to do one very specific job. You don't want to have a skill that's like run the want to have a skill that's like run the want to have a skill that's like run the marketing team. You want to have a skill marketing team. You want to have a skill marketing team. You want to have a skill that breaks that marketing team, all of that breaks that marketing team, all of that breaks that marketing team, all of those processes into individual steps. those processes into individual steps. those processes into individual steps. So in my book right up here, becoming AI So in my book right up here, becoming AI So in my book right up here, becoming AI native, I talk about this and I call it native, I talk about this and I call it native, I talk about this and I call it the function breakdown. I call it the the function breakdown. I call it the the function breakdown. I call it the the tree. Basically, your job is a tree the tree. Basically, your job is a tree the tree. Basically, your job is a tree and you've got different trunks with and you've got different trunks with and you've got different trunks with different like, you know, bullet points different like, you know, bullet points different like, you know, bullet points in your job description and then each of in your job description and then each of in your job description and then each of those trunks have branches and each of those trunks have branches and each of those trunks have branches and each of those branches have ultimately leaves those branches have ultimately leaves those branches have ultimately leaves and you want to turn all of those little and you want to turn all of those little and you want to turn all of those little leaves or those little tasks into skills leaves or those little tasks into skills leaves or those little tasks into skills because you can chain skills together because you can chain skills together because you can chain skills together over time. But the point being, if you

[6:05] over time. But the point being, if you over time. But the point being, if you have a skill with one very specific job, have a skill with one very specific job, have a skill with one very specific job, you can give it one very specific you can give it one very specific you can give it one very specific trigger, which means that your agents trigger, which means that your agents trigger, which means that your agents are going to be able to execute them are going to be able to execute them are going to be able to execute them more consistently, invoke them more consistently, invoke them more consistently, invoke them automatically. It just helps you automatically. It just helps you automatically. It just helps you separate out what your agents are doing separate out what your agents are doing separate out what your agents are doing in a much better way than if you have a in a much better way than if you have a in a much better way than if you have a skill that's like 30 pages long and it's skill that's like 30 pages long and it's skill that's like 30 pages long and it's supposed to do so many different things. supposed to do so many different things. supposed to do so many different things. So think about breaking down processes So think about breaking down processes So think about breaking down processes at the task level and turning each of at the task level and turning each of at the task level and turning each of those tasks into skills. All right, those tasks into skills. All right, those tasks into skills. All right, moving on to number three, we have moving on to number three, we have moving on to number three, we have thinking about the freedom level. So thinking about the freedom level. So thinking about the freedom level. So what I mean by this is when you're what I mean by this is when you're what I mean by this is when you're automating things, you basically have to

[6:36] automating things, you basically have to automating things, you basically have to figure out is this a deterministic figure out is this a deterministic figure out is this a deterministic automation or a nondeterministic automation or a nondeterministic automation or a nondeterministic automation? Basically, is this something automation? Basically, is this something automation? Basically, is this something that's predictable and we know exactly that's predictable and we know exactly that's predictable and we know exactly what comes in and we know exactly what what comes in and we know exactly what what comes in and we know exactly what happens and we know exactly what comes happens and we know exactly what comes happens and we know exactly what comes out or is it more of a non-deterministic out or is it more of a non-deterministic out or is it more of a non-deterministic AI agent, more of a nondeterministic AI agent, more of a nondeterministic AI agent, more of a nondeterministic black box where we know sort of what the black box where we know sort of what the black box where we know sort of what the input's going to look like. We sort of input's going to look like. We sort of input's going to look like. We sort of know what's going to happen inside the know what's going to happen inside the know what's going to happen inside the process, but we do kind of know like process, but we do kind of know like process, but we do kind of know like what the output should be. We still know what the output should be. We still know what the output should be. We still know the definition of good and the the definition of good and the the definition of good and the definition of done. You can think about definition of done. You can think about definition of done. You can think about it like, can I automate this using it like, can I automate this using it like, can I automate this using rules? Hard rules, hard logic. Is x

[7:06] rules? Hard rules, hard logic. Is x rules? Hard rules, hard logic. Is x greater than 10? Is x equal to 500? or greater than 10? Is x equal to 500? or greater than 10? Is x equal to 500? or is it something that needs a lot of is it something that needs a lot of is it something that needs a lot of judgment? Analyze this. Turn this into judgment? Analyze this. Turn this into judgment? Analyze this. Turn this into an email. Turn this into a spreadsheet. an email. Turn this into a spreadsheet. an email. Turn this into a spreadsheet. And it's really important to think about And it's really important to think about And it's really important to think about where does your skill live on that where does your skill live on that where does your skill live on that spectrum? Because if you have a very spectrum? Because if you have a very spectrum? Because if you have a very deterministic skill, like for example, deterministic skill, like for example, deterministic skill, like for example, it just has to take a Excel sheet and it it just has to take a Excel sheet and it it just has to take a Excel sheet and it just has to populate the cells into the just has to populate the cells into the just has to populate the cells into the CRM or something and that's basically CRM or something and that's basically CRM or something and that's basically just data processing transferring. just data processing transferring. just data processing transferring. That's a very deterministic process. And That's a very deterministic process. And That's a very deterministic process. And if you write the skill in a very if you write the skill in a very if you write the skill in a very non-deterministic way, there's a lot

[7:37] non-deterministic way, there's a lot non-deterministic way, there's a lot more room for error. There's a lot more more room for error. There's a lot more more room for error. There's a lot more room for AI to interpret something wrong room for AI to interpret something wrong room for AI to interpret something wrong and do something wrong. And that's the and do something wrong. And that's the and do something wrong. And that's the case where you want the skill to be like case where you want the skill to be like case where you want the skill to be like step one do this, step two, do this. step one do this, step two, do this. step one do this, step two, do this. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Do this. It's Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Do this. It's Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Do this. It's very specific. But if you've got very specific. But if you've got very specific. But if you've got something nondeterministic, like for something nondeterministic, like for something nondeterministic, like for example, my ex article skill, we don't example, my ex article skill, we don't example, my ex article skill, we don't want to be so specific. We want the AI want to be so specific. We want the AI want to be so specific. We want the AI to be able to use its judgment and to be to be able to use its judgment and to be to be able to use its judgment and to be able to use research and thinking to able to use research and thinking to able to use research and thinking to generate a unique output because every generate a unique output because every generate a unique output because every YouTube video is different, which means YouTube video is different, which means YouTube video is different, which means every X article is going to be every X article is going to be every X article is going to be different, which means all the different, which means all the different, which means all the screenshots that it needs to take are screenshots that it needs to take are screenshots that it needs to take are going to be different. I couldn't say going to be different. I couldn't say going to be different. I couldn't say something like screenshot the video at

[8:07] something like screenshot the video at something like screenshot the video at the 1 minute mark and then the the 1 minute mark and then the the 1 minute mark and then the two-minute mark and then the 5minute two-minute mark and then the 5minute two-minute mark and then the 5minute mark and put those into the article at mark and put those into the article at mark and put those into the article at line 400, line 600, line 700 because line 400, line 600, line 700 because line 400, line 600, line 700 because then the articles would come out feeling then the articles would come out feeling then the articles would come out feeling generic and they probably wouldn't even generic and they probably wouldn't even generic and they probably wouldn't even make sense and it just wouldn't be a make sense and it just wouldn't be a make sense and it just wouldn't be a very good output. So think about the very good output. So think about the very good output. So think about the freedom level of the process and when freedom level of the process and when freedom level of the process and when you're doing this manually, do you you're doing this manually, do you you're doing this manually, do you follow the same set of instructions follow the same set of instructions follow the same set of instructions every time or are you constantly using every time or are you constantly using every time or are you constantly using judgment and are you constantly doing judgment and are you constantly doing judgment and are you constantly doing different things within the process to different things within the process to different things within the process to ultimately get to that definition of ultimately get to that definition of ultimately get to that definition of good? By the way, guys, I've got this good? By the way, guys, I've got this good? By the way, guys, I've got this completely free SOP for you about completely free SOP for you about completely free SOP for you about getting your first Amation client. It's

[8:38] getting your first Amation client. It's getting your first Amation client. It's going to go over the exact steps that going to go over the exact steps that going to go over the exact steps that has been proven for hundreds of our AIS has been proven for hundreds of our AIS has been proven for hundreds of our AIS Plus members to get their first paid Plus members to get their first paid Plus members to get their first paid gigs. It goes over the one-s sentence gigs. It goes over the one-s sentence gigs. It goes over the one-s sentence service pitch that can get you started service pitch that can get you started service pitch that can get you started today, why your first client should cost today, why your first client should cost today, why your first client should cost you money, the 5-minute video that you money, the 5-minute video that you money, the 5-minute video that answers, can this person actually answers, can this person actually answers, can this person actually deliver before you've actually received deliver before you've actually received deliver before you've actually received any money, what to do when you have zero any money, what to do when you have zero any money, what to do when you have zero case studies. There's so many good case studies. There's so many good case studies. There's so many good things in here that are going to help things in here that are going to help things in here that are going to help you out. Even if you already do have you out. Even if you already do have you out. Even if you already do have clients, I would recommend grabbing this clients, I would recommend grabbing this clients, I would recommend grabbing this because, like I said, it's yours because, like I said, it's yours because, like I said, it's yours completely free. So, if you want to grab completely free. So, if you want to grab completely free. So, if you want to grab this, there's a link for it down in the this, there's a link for it down in the this, there's a link for it down in the description. Let's get back to the description. Let's get back to the description. Let's get back to the video. All right, moving on to number video. All right, moving on to number video. All right, moving on to number four. We have verification. And this is

[9:09] four. We have verification. And this is four. We have verification. And this is probably the most important piece of probably the most important piece of probably the most important piece of building skills. So, the whole idea of building skills. So, the whole idea of building skills. So, the whole idea of building a skill is that now you can building a skill is that now you can building a skill is that now you can trust that your agent's going to give trust that your agent's going to give trust that your agent's going to give you an output more consistently that you an output more consistently that you an output more consistently that meets your standard. But what you want meets your standard. But what you want meets your standard. But what you want to do in there is you don't want to be to do in there is you don't want to be to do in there is you don't want to be constantly being handed the agents V1. constantly being handed the agents V1. constantly being handed the agents V1. you want to be handed an output that's you want to be handed an output that's you want to be handed an output that's already good to go that you can give it already good to go that you can give it already good to go that you can give it a quick skim, approve it all and then a quick skim, approve it all and then a quick skim, approve it all and then shoot it off. And the cool thing about shoot it off. And the cool thing about shoot it off. And the cool thing about agents building stuff to ultimately agents building stuff to ultimately agents building stuff to ultimately achieve some sort of northstar is that achieve some sort of northstar is that achieve some sort of northstar is that you can also have agents check its own

[9:40] you can also have agents check its own you can also have agents check its own work, verify its own work or you know work, verify its own work or you know work, verify its own work or you know other agents verify different agents other agents verify different agents other agents verify different agents work. So every single skill that I build work. So every single skill that I build work. So every single skill that I build works in some sort of verification loop works in some sort of verification loop works in some sort of verification loop meaning the agent who builds the thing meaning the agent who builds the thing meaning the agent who builds the thing delivers this output and then we either delivers this output and then we either delivers this output and then we either have the same agent or different sub have the same agent or different sub have the same agent or different sub agents come in and verify that output agents come in and verify that output agents come in and verify that output and then provide feedback. And this and then provide feedback. And this and then provide feedback. And this verification loop can go on multiple verification loop can go on multiple verification loop can go on multiple times. Sometimes it's just, hey, here's times. Sometimes it's just, hey, here's times. Sometimes it's just, hey, here's the V2 and it's approved. Here's the V7. the V2 and it's approved. Here's the V7. the V2 and it's approved. Here's the V7. I've even had agents verify over and I've even had agents verify over and I've even had agents verify over and over and give me like a V15 or 16. And over and give me like a V15 or 16. And over and give me like a V15 or 16. And that basically just ensures that your that basically just ensures that your that basically just ensures that your time isn't being wasted verifying and

[10:10] time isn't being wasted verifying and time isn't being wasted verifying and sending feedback when you can have sending feedback when you can have sending feedback when you can have agents do that for you. Now, when it agents do that for you. Now, when it agents do that for you. Now, when it comes to verification, there is a comes to verification, there is a comes to verification, there is a difference between objective checks and difference between objective checks and difference between objective checks and subjective checks. So, let me explain subjective checks. So, let me explain subjective checks. So, let me explain what I mean by that. An objective check what I mean by that. An objective check what I mean by that. An objective check is something that can literally be is something that can literally be is something that can literally be proven. Sort of like the proven. Sort of like the proven. Sort of like the nondeterministic versus deterministic nondeterministic versus deterministic nondeterministic versus deterministic thing. Objective means okay um I wanted thing. Objective means okay um I wanted thing. Objective means okay um I wanted you to do research and then the you to do research and then the you to do research and then the verification was to pull in 500 sources verification was to pull in 500 sources verification was to pull in 500 sources cut that down to the best 250 and then cut that down to the best 250 and then cut that down to the best 250 and then every single fact that's in the article every single fact that's in the article every single fact that's in the article I want that to be double checked by I want that to be double checked by I want that to be double checked by second agent and that's objective we can second agent and that's objective we can second agent and that's objective we can literally prove 500 sources cut down to

[10:40] literally prove 500 sources cut down to literally prove 500 sources cut down to 250 every single fact double checked by 250 every single fact double checked by 250 every single fact double checked by a different agent that's objective that a different agent that's objective that a different agent that's objective that is a rule does x equal y is a greater is a rule does x equal y is a greater is a rule does x equal y is a greater than b but then you have some things than b but then you have some things than b but then you have some things that are subjective like verifying the that are subjective like verifying the that are subjective like verifying the video right if it's it's creating a video right if it's it's creating a video right if it's it's creating a video for you or if it's creating a video for you or if it's creating a video for you or if it's creating a website for you. A lot of these website for you. A lot of these website for you. A lot of these subjective checks are more like, oh, you subjective checks are more like, oh, you subjective checks are more like, oh, you know, does everything look good? Is know, does everything look good? Is know, does everything look good? Is everything inbounds? Is it loading in a everything inbounds? Is it loading in a everything inbounds? Is it loading in a certain way? When you don't have an certain way? When you don't have an certain way? When you don't have an actual hard metric to align it to, you actual hard metric to align it to, you actual hard metric to align it to, you have to sort of be a little bit more have to sort of be a little bit more have to sort of be a little bit more subjective on your verification. And subjective on your verification. And subjective on your verification. And what you're thinking about doing is what you're thinking about doing is what you're thinking about doing is turning that agent into an LLM as a

[11:11] turning that agent into an LLM as a turning that agent into an LLM as a judge, which basically means, okay, so judge, which basically means, okay, so judge, which basically means, okay, so if AI is going to be applying its if AI is going to be applying its if AI is going to be applying its approval, and it has to use judgment to approval, and it has to use judgment to approval, and it has to use judgment to approve, then how can you tell the agent approve, then how can you tell the agent approve, then how can you tell the agent exactly what you're looking for? What exactly what you're looking for? What exactly what you're looking for? What does good typically look like or feel does good typically look like or feel does good typically look like or feel like even though there's not a hard like even though there's not a hard like even though there's not a hard rule? So, for example, with the X rule? So, for example, with the X rule? So, for example, with the X article skill, I've got some objective article skill, I've got some objective article skill, I've got some objective checks in there like there are 10 checks in there like there are 10 checks in there like there are 10 screenshots from the video. But then screenshots from the video. But then screenshots from the video. But then there's other subjective checks like how there's other subjective checks like how there's other subjective checks like how do you make it flow in a way that makes do you make it flow in a way that makes do you make it flow in a way that makes sense? How do you make it sound like sense? How do you make it sound like sense? How do you make it sound like Nate? How do you make sure that the Nate? How do you make sure that the Nate? How do you make sure that the images that are put into the the images that are put into the the images that are put into the the article, the screenshots are cropped?

[11:41] article, the screenshots are cropped? article, the screenshots are cropped? There's other subjective checks that we There's other subjective checks that we There's other subjective checks that we have to let it do things where it like have to let it do things where it like have to let it do things where it like opens up the app and it scrolls through opens up the app and it scrolls through opens up the app and it scrolls through and it reads through and it screenshots and it reads through and it screenshots and it reads through and it screenshots and it verifies. But a lot of those and it verifies. But a lot of those and it verifies. But a lot of those checks, like I said, are more checks, like I said, are more checks, like I said, are more subjective. And so that's where subjective. And so that's where subjective. And so that's where iterating on these skills takes a lot of iterating on these skills takes a lot of iterating on these skills takes a lot of time because you're constantly running time because you're constantly running time because you're constantly running the skill, analyzing the output, giving the skill, analyzing the output, giving the skill, analyzing the output, giving feedback, running the skill again, feedback, running the skill again, feedback, running the skill again, analyzing the output, giving feedback, analyzing the output, giving feedback, analyzing the output, giving feedback, and you're basically just like training and you're basically just like training and you're basically just like training the skill where every single time you the skill where every single time you the skill where every single time you use it, it gets better. But the thing use it, it gets better. But the thing use it, it gets better. But the thing about verification is there's always a about verification is there's always a about verification is there's always a way. You might be thinking to yourself, way. You might be thinking to yourself, way. You might be thinking to yourself, well, I don't really know how I would well, I don't really know how I would well, I don't really know how I would have agents verify that process. Agents have agents verify that process. Agents have agents verify that process. Agents can do anything. They can use your

[12:12] can do anything. They can use your can do anything. They can use your computer. They can use your browser. computer. They can use your browser. computer. They can use your browser. They can look at things. They can listen They can look at things. They can listen They can look at things. They can listen to things. They can do anything. So just to things. They can do anything. So just to things. They can do anything. So just think about it like this. If you think about it like this. If you think about it like this. If you assigned that task to a human, what assigned that task to a human, what assigned that task to a human, what would you do to basically give it the would you do to basically give it the would you do to basically give it the stamp of approval? And then just explain stamp of approval? And then just explain stamp of approval? And then just explain that to the agent and that's your that to the agent and that's your that to the agent and that's your verification. That doesn't mean it's verification. That doesn't mean it's verification. That doesn't mean it's going to always come out 100%, but it's going to always come out 100%, but it's going to always come out 100%, but it's going to be more like 95% rather than going to be more like 95% rather than going to be more like 95% rather than giving you something that started off at giving you something that started off at giving you something that started off at like 75 or 80. Okay. And moving on to like 75 or 80. Okay. And moving on to like 75 or 80. Okay. And moving on to number five, we've got walk it down. And number five, we've got walk it down. And number five, we've got walk it down. And when I say walk it down, I mean walking when I say walk it down, I mean walking when I say walk it down, I mean walking it down the model list. So whether it down the model list. So whether it down the model list. So whether you're using cloud code or codeex, we you're using cloud code or codeex, we you're using cloud code or codeex, we all know that different models have

[12:43] all know that different models have all know that different models have different strengths. And we all know different strengths. And we all know different strengths. And we all know that models that have the strongest that models that have the strongest that models that have the strongest strengths are the most expensive. So for strengths are the most expensive. So for strengths are the most expensive. So for example, Astra is more expensive than example, Astra is more expensive than example, Astra is more expensive than Soul, but more capable than Soul. Soul Soul, but more capable than Soul. Soul Soul, but more capable than Soul. Soul is more expensive than Terra, but more is more expensive than Terra, but more is more expensive than Terra, but more capable than Terra. So the idea is you capable than Terra. So the idea is you capable than Terra. So the idea is you build a skill and you're getting this build a skill and you're getting this build a skill and you're getting this good output. And maybe you were testing good output. And maybe you were testing good output. And maybe you were testing that with Astra. Okay. Well, let's run that with Astra. Okay. Well, let's run that with Astra. Okay. Well, let's run that same skill on Soul. Are we getting that same skill on Soul. Are we getting that same skill on Soul. Are we getting the same result? If we're getting the the same result? If we're getting the the same result? If we're getting the same result and it's cheaper, okay, same result and it's cheaper, okay, same result and it's cheaper, okay, let's test it on Terra now. Are we let's test it on Terra now. Are we let's test it on Terra now. Are we getting the same result? Is it cheaper? getting the same result? Is it cheaper? getting the same result? Is it cheaper? Okay, let's test it on Luna. There's no Okay, let's test it on Luna. There's no Okay, let's test it on Luna. There's no reason to be running a skill with Astra reason to be running a skill with Astra reason to be running a skill with Astra if you could run it with Luna and get

[13:13] if you could run it with Luna and get if you could run it with Luna and get the exact same output. But it is the exact same output. But it is the exact same output. But it is important to test it because not every important to test it because not every important to test it because not every skill fits that. I've had some skills skill fits that. I've had some skills skill fits that. I've had some skills where I run them on Haiku or Luna where I run them on Haiku or Luna where I run them on Haiku or Luna because they're just super simple. For because they're just super simple. For because they're just super simple. For example, when I give my agent a YouTube example, when I give my agent a YouTube example, when I give my agent a YouTube video and I say, "Hey, I need a YouTube video and I say, "Hey, I need a YouTube video and I say, "Hey, I need a YouTube video description and timestamps. That I video description and timestamps. That I video description and timestamps. That I can do with Luna, and doing it with can do with Luna, and doing it with can do with Luna, and doing it with Astra is overkill. But for this X Astra is overkill. But for this X Astra is overkill. But for this X article thing, I typically like to use article thing, I typically like to use article thing, I typically like to use at least Soul or Astra because it just at least Soul or Astra because it just at least Soul or Astra because it just has a better understanding of has a better understanding of has a better understanding of screenshotting things and putting it in screenshotting things and putting it in screenshotting things and putting it in the right spot and cropping it down and the right spot and cropping it down and the right spot and cropping it down and even blurring things out. It's so much even blurring things out. It's so much even blurring things out. It's so much better with the browser use with Soul better with the browser use with Soul better with the browser use with Soul and Astra. And then once you've landed

[13:43] and Astra. And then once you've landed and Astra. And then once you've landed on a model that you like, you can take on a model that you like, you can take on a model that you like, you can take that one step further and you can walk that one step further and you can walk that one step further and you can walk it down the effort level. So start it it down the effort level. So start it it down the effort level. So start it off on maybe high and if it's not good off on maybe high and if it's not good off on maybe high and if it's not good enough, then move it up a little bit. enough, then move it up a little bit. enough, then move it up a little bit. And if it is good, then move it down to And if it is good, then move it down to And if it is good, then move it down to medium and just keep finding basically medium and just keep finding basically medium and just keep finding basically the simplest model or the lightest and the simplest model or the lightest and the simplest model or the lightest and cheapest model that still executes at cheapest model that still executes at cheapest model that still executes at the level of quality that you're looking the level of quality that you're looking the level of quality that you're looking for. And then moving on here to number for. And then moving on here to number for. And then moving on here to number six, we have the bike method, which is six, we have the bike method, which is six, we have the bike method, which is I've kind of already alluded it to it I've kind of already alluded it to it I've kind of already alluded it to it multiple times throughout this video so multiple times throughout this video so multiple times throughout this video so far, but really it's just the idea to me far, but really it's just the idea to me far, but really it's just the idea to me that your skill is never done. Every that your skill is never done. Every that your skill is never done. Every single time you run the skill, you're

[14:13] single time you run the skill, you're single time you run the skill, you're going to improve it. You're going to going to improve it. You're going to going to improve it. You're going to say, "Hey, here's what I really liked. say, "Hey, here's what I really liked. say, "Hey, here's what I really liked. Here's what I didn't like. Update the Here's what I didn't like. Update the Here's what I didn't like. Update the skill so that next time it's better." skill so that next time it's better." skill so that next time it's better." Almost every single time I run a skill, Almost every single time I run a skill, Almost every single time I run a skill, I give it feedback and I tell it to I give it feedback and I tell it to I give it feedback and I tell it to update. And if you think about this, update. And if you think about this, update. And if you think about this, like you're teaching a kid to ride a like you're teaching a kid to ride a like you're teaching a kid to ride a bike, that's what a skill really should bike, that's what a skill really should bike, that's what a skill really should feel like. You start off very cautious. feel like. You start off very cautious. feel like. You start off very cautious. You're watching everything. You're You're watching everything. You're You're watching everything. You're guiding them. You you've got your hand guiding them. You you've got your hand guiding them. You you've got your hand on the the the steering wheel. Steering on the the the steering wheel. Steering on the the the steering wheel. Steering wheel, I meant like handlebars. And wheel, I meant like handlebars. And wheel, I meant like handlebars. And you're you're right there. And then what you're you're right there. And then what you're you're right there. And then what happens is you give feedback. You say happens is you give feedback. You say happens is you give feedback. You say like, "Okay, that was good, but you like, "Okay, that was good, but you like, "Okay, that was good, but you know, you were leaning a bit too far to know, you were leaning a bit too far to know, you were leaning a bit too far to the left. Make sure your weight's more the left. Make sure your weight's more the left. Make sure your weight's more in the center." And then you keep going.

[14:43] in the center." And then you keep going. in the center." And then you keep going. Eventually, you take off the training Eventually, you take off the training Eventually, you take off the training wheels because the skill is getting wheels because the skill is getting wheels because the skill is getting better and you're getting more trust in better and you're getting more trust in better and you're getting more trust in the skill. and then you give more the skill. and then you give more the skill. and then you give more feedback again and then eventually you feedback again and then eventually you feedback again and then eventually you take off the elbow pads, right? And then take off the elbow pads, right? And then take off the elbow pads, right? And then you keep giving feedback. But that you keep giving feedback. But that you keep giving feedback. But that doesn't mean that you just take off the doesn't mean that you just take off the doesn't mean that you just take off the kid's helmet and let them bike on the kid's helmet and let them bike on the kid's helmet and let them bike on the highway. You're not going to do highway. You're not going to do highway. You're not going to do something reckless like that. You're something reckless like that. You're something reckless like that. You're also not just going to shoot them off also not just going to shoot them off also not just going to shoot them off down the road and then go inside and down the road and then go inside and down the road and then go inside and take a nap. You're still going to be in take a nap. You're still going to be in take a nap. You're still going to be in in some way watching or having certain in some way watching or having certain in some way watching or having certain guardrails in place in order to make you guardrails in place in order to make you guardrails in place in order to make you feel comfortable and in order for you to feel comfortable and in order for you to feel comfortable and in order for you to have more trust in the actual skill have more trust in the actual skill have more trust in the actual skill itself. And I truly believe in the idea itself. And I truly believe in the idea itself. And I truly believe in the idea that there's no such thing as a finished that there's no such thing as a finished that there's no such thing as a finished product unless your skill is super super

[15:14] product unless your skill is super super product unless your skill is super super deterministic and it runs perfect every deterministic and it runs perfect every deterministic and it runs perfect every time and you don't have to worry about time and you don't have to worry about time and you don't have to worry about it. But when the skills are more on the it. But when the skills are more on the it. But when the skills are more on the judgment side of the spectrum, you know, judgment side of the spectrum, you know, judgment side of the spectrum, you know, as we talked about up here, the more as we talked about up here, the more as we talked about up here, the more your skills live over here, the less I your skills live over here, the less I your skills live over here, the less I believe that you can actually have a believe that you can actually have a believe that you can actually have a finished skill because like I said, finished skill because like I said, finished skill because like I said, every time things might happen a little every time things might happen a little every time things might happen a little bit differently and every time your bit differently and every time your bit differently and every time your process might change or new models might process might change or new models might process might change or new models might drop and you're just constantly going to drop and you're just constantly going to drop and you're just constantly going to be giving feedback every time you use be giving feedback every time you use be giving feedback every time you use it. Okay, so let's hop into Codeex here it. Okay, so let's hop into Codeex here it. Okay, so let's hop into Codeex here and we can take a look at how this and we can take a look at how this and we can take a look at how this actually works. Now when you are inside actually works. Now when you are inside actually works. Now when you are inside of your project and if you're inside of of your project and if you're inside of of your project and if you're inside of your AIOS which is usually what I'm

[15:44] your AIOS which is usually what I'm your AIOS which is usually what I'm building in the codec skills will live building in the codec skills will live building in the codec skills will live in a folder called the aagents and then in a folder called the aagents and then in a folder called the aagents and then inside of the aagents there's a skill or inside of the aagents there's a skill or inside of the aagents there's a skill or sorry not a skill there's another folder sorry not a skill there's another folder sorry not a skill there's another folder calledkills and if you're doing this in calledkills and if you're doing this in calledkills and if you're doing this in cloud code the skills live in aclad and cloud code the skills live in aclad and cloud code the skills live in aclad and then in a folder called skills now these then in a folder called skills now these then in a folder called skills now these can be transferable I basically just can be transferable I basically just can be transferable I basically just tell codeex or claude hey see all the tell codeex or claude hey see all the tell codeex or claude hey see all the skills in there and bring them over here skills in there and bring them over here skills in there and bring them over here too so just I have duplicates of them too so just I have duplicates of them too so just I have duplicates of them but that's where they actually live but that's where they actually live but that's where they actually live inside of your um project unless you inside of your um project unless you inside of your um project unless you have them at a global level which just have them at a global level which just have them at a global level which just means they're living locally across all

[16:14] means they're living locally across all means they're living locally across all of your Codex projects rather than just of your Codex projects rather than just of your Codex projects rather than just inside of your AOS. So that's where they inside of your AOS. So that's where they inside of your AOS. So that's where they live and you can always just say, "Hey, live and you can always just say, "Hey, live and you can always just say, "Hey, you know, Codex, I have this skill. I you know, Codex, I have this skill. I you know, Codex, I have this skill. I don't remember where it is. Could you don't remember where it is. Could you don't remember where it is. Could you show me the file path?" And it will find show me the file path?" And it will find show me the file path?" And it will find it and you can move it if you want. But it and you can move it if you want. But it and you can move it if you want. But anyways, that's where they live. And you anyways, that's where they live. And you anyways, that's where they live. And you can see I actually just ran this ex can see I actually just ran this ex can see I actually just ran this ex article skill on a video. So it says, article skill on a video. So it says, article skill on a video. So it says, "Your ex article draft is saved." I'll "Your ex article draft is saved." I'll "Your ex article draft is saved." I'll click into it. And I actually did click into it. And I actually did click into it. And I actually did obviously already publish this one, but obviously already publish this one, but obviously already publish this one, but I didn't even have to change anything. I I didn't even have to change anything. I I didn't even have to change anything. I basically just clicked in here. I read basically just clicked in here. I read basically just clicked in here. I read it all and I published it. And you can it all and I published it. And you can it all and I published it. And you can see that as it's going through, it see that as it's going through, it see that as it's going through, it already formatted everything and it used already formatted everything and it used already formatted everything and it used the video. Of course, it took

[16:44] the video. Of course, it took the video. Of course, it took screenshots of things and it like put screenshots of things and it like put screenshots of things and it like put them in the right spot to line up with them in the right spot to line up with them in the right spot to line up with what was actually being said in the what was actually being said in the what was actually being said in the article. And it even added this little article. And it even added this little article. And it even added this little um I don't know what you want to call um I don't know what you want to call um I don't know what you want to call it, like a spotlight. It added that. I it, like a spotlight. It added that. I it, like a spotlight. It added that. I didn't actually do that, but it will didn't actually do that, but it will didn't actually do that, but it will basically crop things out and it will basically crop things out and it will basically crop things out and it will add things like that into my actual add things like that into my actual add things like that into my actual article because I've told it in the article because I've told it in the article because I've told it in the skill to do things like that. And you skill to do things like that. And you skill to do things like that. And you can see that for this specific video, can see that for this specific video, can see that for this specific video, this ran on GBD6 Astra. So, what I'm this ran on GBD6 Astra. So, what I'm this ran on GBD6 Astra. So, what I'm going to do real quick is I'm going to going to do real quick is I'm going to going to do real quick is I'm going to walk this down. I'm going to give this walk this down. I'm going to give this walk this down. I'm going to give this same prompt to Soul and Terra and tell

[17:14] same prompt to Soul and Terra and tell same prompt to Soul and Terra and tell it to make the X article and it's going it to make the X article and it's going it to make the X article and it's going to use the skill. And we'll see how to use the skill. And we'll see how to use the skill. And we'll see how those outputs compare to Astra's output those outputs compare to Astra's output those outputs compare to Astra's output because this is a pretty complex skill. because this is a pretty complex skill. because this is a pretty complex skill. It has to transcribe the video. It has It has to transcribe the video. It has It has to transcribe the video. It has to open up the article. It has to make to open up the article. It has to make to open up the article. It has to make the thumbnail. It has to format the thumbnail. It has to format the thumbnail. It has to format everything and it has to screenshot everything and it has to screenshot everything and it has to screenshot everything and put it in and then everything and put it in and then everything and put it in and then actually like drag it around. So there's actually like drag it around. So there's actually like drag it around. So there's a lot of browser use and there is a ton a lot of browser use and there is a ton a lot of browser use and there is a ton of judgment inside of this. Like I said, of judgment inside of this. Like I said, of judgment inside of this. Like I said, this is not a deterministic skill. So this is not a deterministic skill. So this is not a deterministic skill. So you can see right now I have Soul, you can see right now I have Soul, you can see right now I have Soul, Terra, and Luna all running. It's been Terra, and Luna all running. It's been Terra, and Luna all running. It's been about 10 minutes, so I'll just check about 10 minutes, so I'll just check about 10 minutes, so I'll just check with you guys when this is done. But I with you guys when this is done. But I with you guys when this is done. But I just wanted to show you how all of them

[17:44] just wanted to show you how all of them just wanted to show you how all of them because of the skill, because of the because of the skill, because of the because of the skill, because of the verification, are viewing images. You verification, are viewing images. You verification, are viewing images. You can see how many times Luna has viewed can see how many times Luna has viewed can see how many times Luna has viewed these images here because it's taking these images here because it's taking these images here because it's taking screenshots and it's trying to screenshots and it's trying to screenshots and it's trying to understand, okay, which of these should understand, okay, which of these should understand, okay, which of these should be worked into the article and where and be worked into the article and where and be worked into the article and where and why. Same thing down here with Soul. why. Same thing down here with Soul. why. Same thing down here with Soul. Obviously, this one is a super super Obviously, this one is a super super Obviously, this one is a super super visualheavy sort of skill, but because visualheavy sort of skill, but because visualheavy sort of skill, but because I've worked that in there, all of them I've worked that in there, all of them I've worked that in there, all of them are viewing images no matter what. And are viewing images no matter what. And are viewing images no matter what. And so, it'll be really interesting to see so, it'll be really interesting to see so, it'll be really interesting to see how they decide to place them and, you how they decide to place them and, you how they decide to place them and, you know, what images they actually choose know, what images they actually choose know, what images they actually choose to put in there because X limits you to to put in there because X limits you to to put in there because X limits you to a certain amount of images per article. a certain amount of images per article. a certain amount of images per article. So, I'm going to let these run. We'll

[18:15] So, I'm going to let these run. We'll So, I'm going to let these run. We'll compare the results and we'll kind of compare the results and we'll kind of compare the results and we'll kind of talk about how walking it down has talk about how walking it down has talk about how walking it down has changed my perspective on this specific changed my perspective on this specific changed my perspective on this specific skill. All right, so you can see now skill. All right, so you can see now skill. All right, so you can see now that we have Luna and Terra have that we have Luna and Terra have that we have Luna and Terra have finished up. Soul is still working. So, finished up. Soul is still working. So, finished up. Soul is still working. So, we'll start reviewing these two and then we'll start reviewing these two and then we'll start reviewing these two and then we'll hop over to Soul. Hopefully, it'll we'll hop over to Soul. Hopefully, it'll we'll hop over to Soul. Hopefully, it'll be done by the time we're looking be done by the time we're looking be done by the time we're looking through these. So, Luna took 28 minutes through these. So, Luna took 28 minutes through these. So, Luna took 28 minutes and 33 seconds. Let's open up the draft and 33 seconds. Let's open up the draft and 33 seconds. Let's open up the draft and see what we are working with. So, we and see what we are working with. So, we and see what we are working with. So, we have um the thumbnail in there. We have have um the thumbnail in there. We have have um the thumbnail in there. We have I designed a one person million-dollar I designed a one person million-dollar I designed a one person million-dollar business with Claude. Um the title is business with Claude. Um the title is business with Claude. Um the title is the same as like the opening line, which the same as like the opening line, which the same as like the opening line, which I don't love. There's also this weird

[18:46] I don't love. There's also this weird I don't love. There's also this weird spacing was right there. I don't know if spacing was right there. I don't know if spacing was right there. I don't know if it tried to like center it, but I do it tried to like center it, but I do it tried to like center it, but I do notice that. Anyways, we have sort of notice that. Anyways, we have sort of notice that. Anyways, we have sort of like the TLDDR. We have these different like the TLDDR. We have these different like the TLDDR. We have these different headers here. I'm yet to see an image. headers here. I'm yet to see an image. headers here. I'm yet to see an image. Here comes the first screenshot. So, Here comes the first screenshot. So, Here comes the first screenshot. So, this is talking about um the three this is talking about um the three this is talking about um the three different types of ideas to compare. And different types of ideas to compare. And different types of ideas to compare. And in the screenshot, we do see all three. in the screenshot, we do see all three. in the screenshot, we do see all three. So, that matches up pretty well. Um we So, that matches up pretty well. Um we So, that matches up pretty well. Um we see agent report card as well as down see agent report card as well as down see agent report card as well as down here. So, really what I'm checking for here. So, really what I'm checking for here. So, really what I'm checking for right now is that it all sounds like me. right now is that it all sounds like me. right now is that it all sounds like me. So, this is kind of trained on like my So, this is kind of trained on like my So, this is kind of trained on like my LinkedIn style guide and my YouTube LinkedIn style guide and my YouTube LinkedIn style guide and my YouTube style guide and like the way that I

[19:16] style guide and like the way that I style guide and like the way that I speak, but I'm also making sure that the speak, but I'm also making sure that the speak, but I'm also making sure that the images look good. So, the test suite is images look good. So, the test suite is images look good. So, the test suite is a golden data set. We know what the a golden data set. We know what the a golden data set. We know what the correct answer or correct action should correct answer or correct action should correct answer or correct action should be. And we see an evaluation right here. be. And we see an evaluation right here. be. And we see an evaluation right here. The first run scored 88. That's what we The first run scored 88. That's what we The first run scored 88. That's what we see. Um, approved the new policy. Same see. Um, approved the new policy. Same see. Um, approved the new policy. Same 16 tests. Ran it again. That looks 16 tests. Ran it again. That looks 16 tests. Ran it again. That looks decent. I clicked create report and we decent. I clicked create report and we decent. I clicked create report and we don't really see the report here. So, don't really see the report here. So, don't really see the report here. So, that's a little bit off, I would say, that's a little bit off, I would say, that's a little bit off, I would say, but it's not too bad. I'm actually but it's not too bad. I'm actually but it's not too bad. I'm actually impressed that Luna is doing it this impressed that Luna is doing it this

[19:46] impressed that Luna is doing it this well. This is customer support. This is well. This is customer support. This is well. This is customer support. This is kind of just the home dashboard. And kind of just the home dashboard. And kind of just the home dashboard. And then down here we see searching for then down here we see searching for then down here we see searching for companies using clay. It did do a nice companies using clay. It did do a nice companies using clay. It did do a nice little spotlight animation here when little spotlight animation here when little spotlight animation here when we're looking at the actual pricing. And we're looking at the actual pricing. And we're looking at the actual pricing. And then we've got the three Ps down here. then we've got the three Ps down here. then we've got the three Ps down here. Okay. So, this is not too bad. We'll Okay. So, this is not too bad. We'll Okay. So, this is not too bad. We'll have to compare, but I would say that I have to compare, but I would say that I have to compare, but I would say that I was impressed by Luna's ability to was impressed by Luna's ability to was impressed by Luna's ability to screenshot, add spotlights, put it in screenshot, add spotlights, put it in screenshot, add spotlights, put it in the right spots. So, that is Luna. That the right spots. So, that is Luna. That the right spots. So, that is Luna. That also took 28 minutes and 30 seconds. also took 28 minutes and 30 seconds. also took 28 minutes and 30 seconds. Okay. So, we have Terara. And by the Okay. So, we have Terara. And by the Okay. So, we have Terara. And by the way, all of these are running on high. way, all of these are running on high. way, all of these are running on high. So, we have Terara here. Took 26

[20:16] So, we have Terara here. Took 26 So, we have Terara here. Took 26 minutes. So, about 2 minutes, 2 and a minutes. So, about 2 minutes, 2 and a minutes. So, about 2 minutes, 2 and a half minutes faster than Luna. Let's half minutes faster than Luna. Let's half minutes faster than Luna. Let's open up this draft. See what we got. So, open up this draft. See what we got. So, open up this draft. See what we got. So, same exact um thumbnail. We have an same exact um thumbnail. We have an same exact um thumbnail. We have an image right away. How I built a $1 image right away. How I built a $1 image right away. How I built a $1 million AI business model with Claude. million AI business model with Claude. million AI business model with Claude. This image isn't great. Like to start This image isn't great. Like to start This image isn't great. Like to start off the article like that. That's not a off the article like that. That's not a off the article like that. That's not a very strong way to start it off because very strong way to start it off because very strong way to start it off because it looks like it's cut off like that. it looks like it's cut off like that. it looks like it's cut off like that. So, that's bad. Um we go through the So, that's bad. Um we go through the So, that's bad. Um we go through the three filters. three filters. three filters. Oof. I mean, [snorts] this image doesn't Oof. I mean, [snorts] this image doesn't Oof. I mean, [snorts] this image doesn't look very good either. I would already look very good either. I would already look very good either. I would already say right now that um Luna did a better

[20:48] say right now that um Luna did a better say right now that um Luna did a better job. I mean, this isn't a bad Also, this job. I mean, this isn't a bad Also, this job. I mean, this isn't a bad Also, this is a zoomed in. So, it took a screenshot is a zoomed in. So, it took a screenshot is a zoomed in. So, it took a screenshot of the video and then it zoomed in on of the video and then it zoomed in on of the video and then it zoomed in on the score going from 88 to 94. So, the score going from 88 to 94. So, the score going from 88 to 94. So, that's not terrible. Read complaint that's not terrible. Read complaint that's not terrible. Read complaint check company fit recommend small trial. check company fit recommend small trial. check company fit recommend small trial. What you'll notice here is it actually, What you'll notice here is it actually, What you'll notice here is it actually, if I can open this up, it redacted if I can open this up, it redacted if I can open this up, it redacted sensitive details. So, it put this block sensitive details. So, it put this block sensitive details. So, it put this block over it and said sensitive details over it and said sensitive details over it and said sensitive details redacted. So, I think that that's pretty redacted. So, I think that that's pretty redacted. So, I think that that's pretty cool. I like when it does things like cool. I like when it does things like cool. I like when it does things like that. It did a little spotlight effect that. It did a little spotlight effect that. It did a little spotlight effect here. It redacted more sensitive details here. It redacted more sensitive details here. It redacted more sensitive details in this one. As you can see, it did it in this one. As you can see, it did it in this one. As you can see, it did it again here. So, it's it did it again

[21:19] again here. So, it's it did it again again here. So, it's it did it again here. It It shows so many times when it here. It It shows so many times when it here. It It shows so many times when it needed to redact sensitive details. It needed to redact sensitive details. It needed to redact sensitive details. It did it again. It did it again. Okay, but did it again. It did it again. Okay, but did it again. It did it again. Okay, but this is obviously an issue. It didn't this is obviously an issue. It didn't this is obviously an issue. It didn't verify this good enough. Like, you can verify this good enough. Like, you can verify this good enough. Like, you can see that there's literally four images see that there's literally four images see that there's literally four images in a row down here. This one looks bad. in a row down here. This one looks bad. in a row down here. This one looks bad. I think that, you know, you you you have I think that, you know, you you you have I think that, you know, you you you have to use the browser to like drag these to use the browser to like drag these to use the browser to like drag these around. And I think that it just gave up around. And I think that it just gave up around. And I think that it just gave up or it stopped and thought it was done. or it stopped and thought it was done. or it stopped and thought it was done. So, so far I would say that Luna did a So, so far I would say that Luna did a So, so far I would say that Luna did a better job than Terra. And Terra was, better job than Terra. And Terra was, better job than Terra. And Terra was, you know, it's a more capable model you know, it's a more capable model you know, it's a more capable model apparently than Luna. It's also more apparently than Luna. It's also more apparently than Luna. It's also more expensive. So, right now, if I was expensive. So, right now, if I was expensive. So, right now, if I was choosing between these, I would choose

[21:49] choosing between these, I would choose choosing between these, I would choose Luna. But now Soul just finished up and Luna. But now Soul just finished up and Luna. But now Soul just finished up and Soul took 38 minutes. So, normally when Soul took 38 minutes. So, normally when Soul took 38 minutes. So, normally when I do run this, I run this on Astra. I I do run this, I run this on Astra. I I do run this, I run this on Astra. I usually run this on Astra low and I run usually run this on Astra low and I run usually run this on Astra low and I run it on fast mode to get it done faster. it on fast mode to get it done faster. it on fast mode to get it done faster. But let's see. This did it. Let me open But let's see. This did it. Let me open But let's see. This did it. Let me open this up. Okay, so here is uh Soul's this up. Okay, so here is uh Soul's this up. Okay, so here is uh Soul's version. I built a $1 million business version. I built a $1 million business version. I built a $1 million business with Claude. We have the same sort of with Claude. We have the same sort of with Claude. We have the same sort of like TLDDR, the three filters. We have a like TLDDR, the three filters. We have a like TLDDR, the three filters. We have a picture of the three filters right here. picture of the three filters right here. picture of the three filters right here. So, that's not bad. Choosing the So, that's not bad. Choosing the So, that's not bad. Choosing the product. Okay, it's zoomed in here. product. Okay, it's zoomed in here. product. Okay, it's zoomed in here. These are all zoomed in, by the way. So, These are all zoomed in, by the way. So, These are all zoomed in, by the way. So, it's it's it's using more, I guess, it's it's it's using more, I guess, it's it's it's using more, I guess, vision intelligence to choose what to

[22:20] vision intelligence to choose what to vision intelligence to choose what to actually display in the image. You can actually display in the image. You can actually display in the image. You can see it redacted here the demo receipt. see it redacted here the demo receipt. see it redacted here the demo receipt. So, not too bad. It zoomed in a little So, not too bad. It zoomed in a little So, not too bad. It zoomed in a little bit here on the report, although we bit here on the report, although we bit here on the report, although we don't see the score 88. What it what it don't see the score 88. What it what it don't see the score 88. What it what it highlighted here was 14 tests pass and highlighted here was 14 tests pass and highlighted here was 14 tests pass and two failed instead of showing us the 88. two failed instead of showing us the 88. two failed instead of showing us the 88. So, just pointing that out. It also So, just pointing that out. It also So, just pointing that out. It also zoomed in down here on some analysis of zoomed in down here on some analysis of zoomed in down here on some analysis of that report. It did a little spotlight that report. It did a little spotlight that report. It did a little spotlight effect here to show the 94. It redacted effect here to show the 94. It redacted effect here to show the 94. It redacted more of these receipts. It did another more of these receipts. It did another more of these receipts. It did another spotlight here. It shows sales and spotlight here. It shows sales and spotlight here. It shows sales and support without losing control. So,

[22:50] support without losing control. So, support without losing control. So, that's not terrible. We've got this that's not terrible. We've got this that's not terrible. We've got this customer support image as well. We've customer support image as well. We've customer support image as well. We've got more internal source ID redacted. got more internal source ID redacted. got more internal source ID redacted. Another spotlight effect on the money. Another spotlight effect on the money. Another spotlight effect on the money. And yeah, so this one isn't too bad And yeah, so this one isn't too bad And yeah, so this one isn't too bad either. I would say honestly like I'm either. I would say honestly like I'm either. I would say honestly like I'm wondering if Luna's was better. And wondering if Luna's was better. And wondering if Luna's was better. And that's the thing, like these are so that's the thing, like these are so that's the thing, like these are so different and sometimes I have tutorial different and sometimes I have tutorial different and sometimes I have tutorial videos, sometimes I have more of this videos, sometimes I have more of this videos, sometimes I have more of this style where they're edited. So, it's style where they're edited. So, it's style where they're edited. So, it's very hard to just say, "Okay, I've run very hard to just say, "Okay, I've run very hard to just say, "Okay, I've run one test and I know that now I'm going one test and I know that now I'm going one test and I know that now I'm going to go with Luna instead of like Astra or to go with Luna instead of like Astra or to go with Luna instead of like Astra or something for for a specific example." something for for a specific example." something for for a specific example." Now, I will tell you guys, I've done Now, I will tell you guys, I've done Now, I will tell you guys, I've done this multiple times on multiple this multiple times on multiple this multiple times on multiple different YouTube videos and Astra just

[23:21] different YouTube videos and Astra just different YouTube videos and Astra just seems to be the best. So, I do stick seems to be the best. So, I do stick seems to be the best. So, I do stick with Astra on low, but I do think it's with Astra on low, but I do think it's with Astra on low, but I do think it's worth running them through a few worth running them through a few worth running them through a few different examples and and different examples and and different examples and and understanding. And that's why I said understanding. And that's why I said understanding. And that's why I said that there's really no such thing as a that there's really no such thing as a that there's really no such thing as a finished product, especially the more finished product, especially the more finished product, especially the more non-deterministic you get on that whole non-deterministic you get on that whole non-deterministic you get on that whole spectrum. And what you can see about all spectrum. And what you can see about all spectrum. And what you can see about all of these with Luna, it gave us a QA of these with Luna, it gave us a QA of these with Luna, it gave us a QA report, it gave us a visual plan, and it report, it gave us a visual plan, and it report, it gave us a visual plan, and it gave us selected frames. Terra gave us a gave us selected frames. Terra gave us a gave us selected frames. Terra gave us a QA report as well. And Soul gave us a QA QA report as well. And Soul gave us a QA QA report as well. And Soul gave us a QA report. And like I said, that's the most report. And like I said, that's the most report. And like I said, that's the most important part is just them proving that important part is just them proving that important part is just them proving that they've verified stuff. So, it verified they've verified stuff. So, it verified they've verified stuff. So, it verified the title, the body, 76 non-mpt text

[23:53] the title, the body, 76 non-mpt text the title, the body, 76 non-mpt text blocks, um 11 inline screenshots, seven blocks, um 11 inline screenshots, seven blocks, um 11 inline screenshots, seven H2 headings, visual review and privacy, H2 headings, visual review and privacy, H2 headings, visual review and privacy, editorial coverage, artifacts. It's editorial coverage, artifacts. It's editorial coverage, artifacts. It's proving to me that it's done. And it's proving to me that it's done. And it's proving to me that it's done. And it's proving to me that it did its proving to me that it did its proving to me that it did its verification. And trust me, if it didn't verification. And trust me, if it didn't verification. And trust me, if it didn't do this QA report and it didn't do the do this QA report and it didn't do the do this QA report and it didn't do the verification, this skill would be so verification, this skill would be so verification, this skill would be so much worse as far as actually getting it much worse as far as actually getting it much worse as far as actually getting it to place the screenshots in the right to place the screenshots in the right to place the screenshots in the right spot. So, for this specific example of spot. So, for this specific example of spot. So, for this specific example of the skill, let me talk about how I did the skill, let me talk about how I did the skill, let me talk about how I did all of these things. I took an article all of these things. I took an article all of these things. I took an article that I did manually and I did a few of that I did manually and I did a few of that I did manually and I did a few of these manually where I literally went these manually where I literally went these manually where I literally went through the YouTube video, screenshotted through the YouTube video, screenshotted through the YouTube video, screenshotted things, put it in the right spot and I things, put it in the right spot and I things, put it in the right spot and I gave it some of those to look at. So,

[24:24] gave it some of those to look at. So, gave it some of those to look at. So, first was like, hey, analyze all these first was like, hey, analyze all these first was like, hey, analyze all these outputs. I want to turn this into a outputs. I want to turn this into a outputs. I want to turn this into a skill. So, help me understand like skill. So, help me understand like skill. So, help me understand like what's good about these and and how do what's good about these and and how do what's good about these and and how do you choose the screenshots and how do you choose the screenshots and how do you choose the screenshots and how do you place them and things like that. So, you place them and things like that. So, you place them and things like that. So, I reverse engineered and then obviously I reverse engineered and then obviously I reverse engineered and then obviously this is one very specific job. It was to this is one very specific job. It was to this is one very specific job. It was to turn a YouTube video into an X article. turn a YouTube video into an X article. turn a YouTube video into an X article. It's not just to write X articles in It's not just to write X articles in It's not just to write X articles in general. We've got I've got a different general. We've got I've got a different general. We've got I've got a different skill for that. This is literally to skill for that. This is literally to skill for that. This is literally to turn a YouTube video into an X article, turn a YouTube video into an X article, turn a YouTube video into an X article, which means the trigger is very specific which means the trigger is very specific which means the trigger is very specific as well. So here, all I said was turn as well. So here, all I said was turn as well. So here, all I said was turn this YouTube video into an X article and this YouTube video into an X article and this YouTube video into an X article and it automatically was able to invoke the it automatically was able to invoke the it automatically was able to invoke the X article skill as you can see. But if I

[24:54] X article skill as you can see. But if I X article skill as you can see. But if I wanted to do a slash command and do X wanted to do a slash command and do X wanted to do a slash command and do X article, I can invoke the skill like article, I can invoke the skill like article, I can invoke the skill like that as well. But typically, if I say, that as well. But typically, if I say, that as well. But typically, if I say, hey, I want this YouTube video to be hey, I want this YouTube video to be hey, I want this YouTube video to be turned into an X article, it just turned into an X article, it just turned into an X article, it just invokes the skill automatically because invokes the skill automatically because invokes the skill automatically because it's one specific use case and it's one it's one specific use case and it's one it's one specific use case and it's one specific trigger. We talked about the specific trigger. We talked about the specific trigger. We talked about the freedom level in here a lot. This is freedom level in here a lot. This is freedom level in here a lot. This is obviously a super super non-eterministic obviously a super super non-eterministic obviously a super super non-eterministic process. We talked about the process. We talked about the process. We talked about the verification. We did the walking it down verification. We did the walking it down verification. We did the walking it down live. And as far as the bike method, live. And as far as the bike method, live. And as far as the bike method, like I said, guys, I would basically like I said, guys, I would basically like I said, guys, I would basically come into here and I would look at what come into here and I would look at what come into here and I would look at what Tara did that I didn't like. And I would Tara did that I didn't like. And I would Tara did that I didn't like. And I would basically be like, "Okay, Tara, so in basically be like, "Okay, Tara, so in basically be like, "Okay, Tara, so in your article, you had some really weird your article, you had some really weird your article, you had some really weird screenshots in the beginning. It looked

[25:25] screenshots in the beginning. It looked screenshots in the beginning. It looked like things were cropped out." The whole like things were cropped out." The whole like things were cropped out." The whole idea is that people can look at the idea is that people can look at the idea is that people can look at the screenshot and they won't need context screenshot and they won't need context screenshot and they won't need context of what happened a few seconds before of what happened a few seconds before of what happened a few seconds before that frame or a few seconds after. And that frame or a few seconds after. And that frame or a few seconds after. And you have multiple examples in here like you have multiple examples in here like you have multiple examples in here like the first screenshot you did as well as the first screenshot you did as well as the first screenshot you did as well as the second screenshot that you did that the second screenshot that you did that the second screenshot that you did that just don't look very good. You also have just don't look very good. You also have just don't look very good. You also have things at the end like these random four things at the end like these random four things at the end like these random four images that don't feel like they're images that don't feel like they're images that don't feel like they're placed right. So I feel like your placed right. So I feel like your placed right. So I feel like your verification wasn't good enough, but verification wasn't good enough, but verification wasn't good enough, but also the third the third image in this also the third the third image in this also the third the third image in this set of or sorry the second image in this set of or sorry the second image in this set of or sorry the second image in this set of three at the bottom it's like set of three at the bottom it's like set of three at the bottom it's like halfway through an animation. So that halfway through an animation. So that halfway through an animation. So that was first of all a bad screenshot to

[25:55] was first of all a bad screenshot to was first of all a bad screenshot to take and second of all a bad place to take and second of all a bad place to take and second of all a bad place to put it. So that's some of the feedback put it. So that's some of the feedback put it. So that's some of the feedback that I have for you now. If you could that I have for you now. If you could that I have for you now. If you could analyze this, understand what I mean by analyze this, understand what I mean by analyze this, understand what I mean by this and then update the skill so that this and then update the skill so that this and then update the skill so that you don't make these mistakes in the you don't make these mistakes in the you don't make these mistakes in the future and so that you can highlight future and so that you can highlight future and so that you can highlight some of the important things that I just some of the important things that I just some of the important things that I just mentioned blah blah blah. And then I mentioned blah blah blah. And then I mentioned blah blah blah. And then I would just shoot that off and it would would just shoot that off and it would would just shoot that off and it would go through, it would look at the go through, it would look at the go through, it would look at the feedback and it would take all of that feedback and it would take all of that feedback and it would take all of that information and it would update the information and it would update the information and it would update the skill. And that is how you start to sort skill. And that is how you start to sort skill. And that is how you start to sort of see that bike method coming into play of see that bike method coming into play of see that bike method coming into play every single run, give good feedback and every single run, give good feedback and every single run, give good feedback and also give bad feedback and tell it to also give bad feedback and tell it to also give bad feedback and tell it to update the skill. Otherwise, all of update the skill. Otherwise, all of update the skill. Otherwise, all of those changes that you have to make those changes that you have to make those changes that you have to make manually, you're going to have to make

[26:25] manually, you're going to have to make manually, you're going to have to make manually again the next time. So anyways manually again the next time. So anyways manually again the next time. So anyways guys, those were the six tips. Those guys, those were the six tips. Those guys, those were the six tips. Those were all of them ran on a real example were all of them ran on a real example were all of them ran on a real example of one of the skills that I use pretty of one of the skills that I use pretty of one of the skills that I use pretty much every day. Every time I make a much every day. Every time I make a much every day. Every time I make a YouTube video. So I appreciate you guys YouTube video. So I appreciate you guys YouTube video. So I appreciate you guys watching through all that. And also watching through all that. And also watching through all that. And also guys, real quick, just wanted to tell guys, real quick, just wanted to tell guys, real quick, just wanted to tell you about my second channel where I just you about my second channel where I just you about my second channel where I just kind of like document these things that kind of like document these things that kind of like document these things that I'm doing at AI events or these I'm doing at AI events or these I'm doing at AI events or these different trips I'm taking to meet up different trips I'm taking to meet up different trips I'm taking to meet up with AI creators or speaking at things. with AI creators or speaking at things. with AI creators or speaking at things. And if you want to check out sort of And if you want to check out sort of And if you want to check out sort of like what else I'm into besides just like what else I'm into besides just like what else I'm into besides just like making tutorials, then head over to like making tutorials, then head over to like making tutorials, then head over to the second channel. I'll put the link in the second channel. I'll put the link in the second channel. I'll put the link in the description. And I hope to see you the description. And I hope to see you the description. And I hope to see you guys over there. I hope you enjoy this guys over there. I hope you enjoy this guys over there. I hope you enjoy this type of content as well. But that's

[26:55] type of content as well. But that's type of content as well. But that's going to do it for today. So if you guys going to do it for today. So if you guys going to do it for today. So if you guys enjoyed the video or you learned enjoyed the video or you learned enjoyed the video or you learned something new, please give it a like. It something new, please give it a like. It something new, please give it a like. It helps me out a ton. And as always, I helps me out a ton. And as always, I helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end appreciate you guys making it to the end appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. And I'll see you on the of the video. And I'll see you on the of the video. And I'll see you on the next one. Thanks everyone.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=9KOtMsZ9I28
