# Transcript: Beginner’s Guide to Metadata: Make Your RAG Agents Smarter

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnm0PMi-4mE
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 15:13 · Words: 10919
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=lnm0PMi-4mE

## Transcript
[0:01] Today I'm going to be talking about the Today I'm going to be talking about the different ways you can use metadata to different ways you can use metadata to different ways you can use metadata to make your rag agents much more make your rag agents much more make your rag agents much more intelligent. Not only does metadata let intelligent. Not only does metadata let intelligent. Not only does metadata let us organize and filter through our data, us organize and filter through our data, us organize and filter through our data, but it also lets us enrich it so that we but it also lets us enrich it so that we but it also lets us enrich it so that we can get way more context as to what can get way more context as to what can get way more context as to what chunks we're looking at. If it doesn't chunks we're looking at. If it doesn't chunks we're looking at. If it doesn't make too much sense to you yet, don't make too much sense to you yet, don't make too much sense to you yet, don't worry. We're going to break it all down. worry. We're going to break it all down. worry. We're going to break it all down. I'm going to run through some live I'm going to run through some live I'm going to run through some live examples and by the end there'll examples and by the end there'll examples and by the end there'll definitely be thinking about how you can definitely be thinking about how you can definitely be thinking about how you can apply metadata to your own use case. All apply metadata to your own use case. All apply metadata to your own use case. All right, so I don't want to waste any right, so I don't want to waste any right, so I don't want to waste any time. We're going to start off with a time. We're going to start off with a time. We're going to start off with a quick demo so I can show you guys what quick demo so I can show you guys what quick demo so I can show you guys what this metadata stuff looks like by this metadata stuff looks like by this metadata stuff looks like by talking to our YouTube transcript rag talking to our YouTube transcript rag talking to our YouTube transcript rag agent. So I'm going to send off this

[0:31] agent. So I'm going to send off this agent. So I'm going to send off this message that says, "What's the message that says, "What's the message that says, "What's the difference between a relational database difference between a relational database difference between a relational database and a vector database?" Our agent is and a vector database?" Our agent is and a vector database?" Our agent is going to search through Superbase. It's going to search through Superbase. It's going to search through Superbase. It's going to use a reranker to sort those going to use a reranker to sort those going to use a reranker to sort those results. And now we're going to get our results. And now we're going to get our results. And now we're going to get our answer based on a YouTube transcript. answer based on a YouTube transcript. answer based on a YouTube transcript. And you can see, not only was our agent And you can see, not only was our agent And you can see, not only was our agent able to search through and answer for able to search through and answer for able to search through and answer for us, it also gave us the exact YouTube us, it also gave us the exact YouTube us, it also gave us the exact YouTube video that it pulled this data from, the video that it pulled this data from, the video that it pulled this data from, the exact timestamp that it pulled the data exact timestamp that it pulled the data exact timestamp that it pulled the data from, and then we can also go right here from, and then we can also go right here from, and then we can also go right here and click into the link if we want to and click into the link if we want to and click into the link if we want to watch the full video. watch the full video. watch the full video. &gt;&gt; Imagine having a team of &gt;&gt; Imagine having a team of &gt;&gt; Imagine having a team of &gt;&gt; And the only reason it was able to give &gt;&gt; And the only reason it was able to give &gt;&gt; And the only reason it was able to give us this extra context is because we

[1:03] us this extra context is because we us this extra context is because we enriched the chunks with this enriched the chunks with this enriched the chunks with this information in the metadata. So that's information in the metadata. So that's information in the metadata. So that's the use case that we're going over in the use case that we're going over in the use case that we're going over in this video. But metadata essentially this video. But metadata essentially this video. But metadata essentially just means data about data. So, whatever just means data about data. So, whatever just means data about data. So, whatever you're loading in, you could enrich it you're loading in, you could enrich it you're loading in, you could enrich it with metadata like the date or the with metadata like the date or the with metadata like the date or the department or the author or the file department or the author or the file department or the author or the file name or the file size, whatever you name or the file size, whatever you name or the file size, whatever you want. Before I break down this pipeline want. Before I break down this pipeline want. Before I break down this pipeline where we're getting the transcript data, where we're getting the transcript data, where we're getting the transcript data, preparing it, standardizing it, and then preparing it, standardizing it, and then preparing it, standardizing it, and then enriching it with metadata to vectorize enriching it with metadata to vectorize enriching it with metadata to vectorize it, let's hop into a quick Excal so I it, let's hop into a quick Excal so I it, let's hop into a quick Excal so I can explain real quick why metadata is can explain real quick why metadata is can explain real quick why metadata is important and how it works with vector important and how it works with vector important and how it works with vector search. If you've been following my search. If you've been following my search. If you've been following my channel for a while now, you've probably

[1:33] channel for a while now, you've probably channel for a while now, you've probably seen this exact Excal visualization, but seen this exact Excal visualization, but seen this exact Excal visualization, but either way, let's run through it real either way, let's run through it real either way, let's run through it real quick. And I'm also going to keep this quick. And I'm also going to keep this quick. And I'm also going to keep this example relevant to the one that we'll example relevant to the one that we'll example relevant to the one that we'll be running through an Nitn just to keep be running through an Nitn just to keep be running through an Nitn just to keep everything consistent. So what we start everything consistent. So what we start everything consistent. So what we start off with over here is our transcript. off with over here is our transcript. off with over here is our transcript. And then what happens is we have to And then what happens is we have to And then what happens is we have to chunk it up and run it through an chunk it up and run it through an chunk it up and run it through an embeddings model in order to get turned embeddings model in order to get turned embeddings model in order to get turned into different vectors. And each of into different vectors. And each of into different vectors. And each of these dots or vector points is basically these dots or vector points is basically these dots or vector points is basically associated with one chunk of the associated with one chunk of the associated with one chunk of the transcript. So transcript could have 20 transcript. So transcript could have 20 transcript. So transcript could have 20 chunks, 30 chunks, 50 chunks just chunks, 30 chunks, 50 chunks just chunks, 30 chunks, 50 chunks just depending on how long the video is. And depending on how long the video is. And depending on how long the video is. And so the issue here is without metadata, so the issue here is without metadata, so the issue here is without metadata, when we're looking back at this specific

[2:04] when we're looking back at this specific when we're looking back at this specific chunk, we actually don't know which chunk, we actually don't know which chunk, we actually don't know which YouTube video it came from. So if we put YouTube video it came from. So if we put YouTube video it came from. So if we put three YouTube video transcripts in our three YouTube video transcripts in our three YouTube video transcripts in our vector database, transcript A, vector database, transcript A, vector database, transcript A, transcript B, and transcript C, with transcript B, and transcript C, with transcript B, and transcript C, with metadata, we can give each chunk extra metadata, we can give each chunk extra metadata, we can give each chunk extra information like the title of the full information like the title of the full information like the title of the full video it came from, or the URL of the video it came from, or the URL of the video it came from, or the URL of the full video it came from, or the full video it came from, or the full video it came from, or the timestamp of this specific chunk in the timestamp of this specific chunk in the timestamp of this specific chunk in the transcript. And without this type of transcript. And without this type of transcript. And without this type of metadata, we would have no idea the type metadata, we would have no idea the type metadata, we would have no idea the type of insights we're getting back. And we of insights we're getting back. And we of insights we're getting back. And we honestly wouldn't have that much trust honestly wouldn't have that much trust honestly wouldn't have that much trust when our agent responds to us because it when our agent responds to us because it when our agent responds to us because it can't back it up with an actual source.

[2:35] can't back it up with an actual source. can't back it up with an actual source. And then one more thing to keep in mind And then one more thing to keep in mind And then one more thing to keep in mind is the metadata is just data about data. is the metadata is just data about data. is the metadata is just data about data. So the metadata has no effect on the So the metadata has no effect on the So the metadata has no effect on the actual meaning of the chunk. It has no actual meaning of the chunk. It has no actual meaning of the chunk. It has no effect on where the chunk gets placed in effect on where the chunk gets placed in effect on where the chunk gets placed in the vector database. So when we're the vector database. So when we're the vector database. So when we're searching through our vector database, searching through our vector database, searching through our vector database, the query gets embedded. It gets put the query gets embedded. It gets put the query gets embedded. It gets put into the vector database. and then the into the vector database. and then the into the vector database. and then the nearest chunk or nearest couple chunks, nearest chunk or nearest couple chunks, nearest chunk or nearest couple chunks, however you set it up, get pulled back however you set it up, get pulled back however you set it up, get pulled back just based on the actual transcript just based on the actual transcript just based on the actual transcript meaning. But then once we get the meaning. But then once we get the meaning. But then once we get the transcript back and we realize that it's transcript back and we realize that it's transcript back and we realize that it's relevant to the query, then we'll pull relevant to the query, then we'll pull relevant to the query, then we'll pull in the metadata and look at it for more

[3:06] in the metadata and look at it for more in the metadata and look at it for more context. And then of course you could do context. And then of course you could do context. And then of course you could do things like metadata filtering where you things like metadata filtering where you things like metadata filtering where you could say, okay, you know, I have could say, okay, you know, I have could say, okay, you know, I have transcript A, B, and C in my vector transcript A, B, and C in my vector transcript A, B, and C in my vector database, but for this specific query, I database, but for this specific query, I database, but for this specific query, I only want to look at transcript C only want to look at transcript C only want to look at transcript C because I know that's the video that I because I know that's the video that I because I know that's the video that I want some insights from. So the three want some insights from. So the three want some insights from. So the three big benefits of having metadata for your big benefits of having metadata for your big benefits of having metadata for your vector database rag is that you can get vector database rag is that you can get vector database rag is that you can get more context when you're pulling stuff more context when you're pulling stuff more context when you're pulling stuff back. You can keep your data a little back. You can keep your data a little back. You can keep your data a little more organized and segmented and then of more organized and segmented and then of more organized and segmented and then of course you can filter using metadata to course you can filter using metadata to course you can filter using metadata to get only what you want back. So now that get only what you want back. So now that get only what you want back. So now that that's out of the way, let's hop into

[3:36] that's out of the way, let's hop into that's out of the way, let's hop into Naden and we'll take a look at these Naden and we'll take a look at these Naden and we'll take a look at these different pipelines and how the metadata different pipelines and how the metadata different pipelines and how the metadata is actually working. Okay, so we just is actually working. Okay, so we just is actually working. Okay, so we just saw the chat functionality where we're saw the chat functionality where we're saw the chat functionality where we're talking with Subbase. Now let's look at talking with Subbase. Now let's look at talking with Subbase. Now let's look at the actual transcripts pipeline of how the actual transcripts pipeline of how the actual transcripts pipeline of how we're getting data into our Superbase we're getting data into our Superbase we're getting data into our Superbase vector store with metadata. So before we vector store with metadata. So before we vector store with metadata. So before we run this pipeline, let me just real run this pipeline, let me just real run this pipeline, let me just real quick go into Subbase to show you guys quick go into Subbase to show you guys quick go into Subbase to show you guys the transcript that's currently in here. the transcript that's currently in here. the transcript that's currently in here. This is this YouTube video that you guys This is this YouTube video that you guys This is this YouTube video that you guys saw in the demo. But as you can see each saw in the demo. But as you can see each saw in the demo. But as you can see each of these different chunks, we have the of these different chunks, we have the of these different chunks, we have the content which is just text. And then in content which is just text. And then in content which is just text. And then in the metadata of each one, we have the

[4:08] the metadata of each one, we have the the metadata of each one, we have the timestamp of where this chunk came from. timestamp of where this chunk came from. timestamp of where this chunk came from. We have the video title and then we have We have the video title and then we have We have the video title and then we have the video URL. So that's exactly what the video URL. So that's exactly what the video URL. So that's exactly what happens to every single YouTube video happens to every single YouTube video happens to every single YouTube video that we process into our database. Okay, that we process into our database. Okay, that we process into our database. Okay, so I have this set up to basically so I have this set up to basically so I have this set up to basically trigger on a form submission if we want trigger on a form submission if we want trigger on a form submission if we want to put a video into our database. So I'm to put a video into our database. So I'm to put a video into our database. So I'm going to hit execute workflow. It's going to hit execute workflow. It's going to hit execute workflow. It's going to pull up this form that prompts going to pull up this form that prompts going to pull up this form that prompts us to drop in a video title and a URL. us to drop in a video title and a URL. us to drop in a video title and a URL. So I'm going to drop in this video from So I'm going to drop in this video from So I'm going to drop in this video from Anthropic where they're sitting on a Anthropic where they're sitting on a Anthropic where they're sitting on a couch and they're talking about tips for couch and they're talking about tips for couch and they're talking about tips for building effective AI agents. What building effective AI agents. What building effective AI agents. What happens first is that we're going to happens first is that we're going to happens first is that we're going to Ampify in order to scrape the YouTube

[4:38] Ampify in order to scrape the YouTube Ampify in order to scrape the YouTube transcript. We're going to put together transcript. We're going to put together transcript. We're going to put together the full YouTube transcript. We're going the full YouTube transcript. We're going the full YouTube transcript. We're going to grab the timestamps, merge it all to grab the timestamps, merge it all to grab the timestamps, merge it all together, and then that's actually what together, and then that's actually what together, and then that's actually what gets vectorized, and then it also gets vectorized, and then it also gets vectorized, and then it also updates us in our Google sheet. So, we updates us in our Google sheet. So, we updates us in our Google sheet. So, we can come in here real quick and see can come in here real quick and see can come in here real quick and see which videos currently exist in our which videos currently exist in our which videos currently exist in our vector database. And now, let's dive vector database. And now, let's dive vector database. And now, let's dive into each of these nodes so you guys can into each of these nodes so you guys can into each of these nodes so you guys can see what's going on. The first one is see what's going on. The first one is see what's going on. The first one is our HTTP request to Ampify to scrape the our HTTP request to Ampify to scrape the our HTTP request to Ampify to scrape the transcript. It's a really simple transcript. It's a really simple transcript. It's a really simple request. We're basically just giving it request. We're basically just giving it request. We're basically just giving it the video URL, which came right here the video URL, which came right here the video URL, which came right here from the actual form submission. And from the actual form submission. And from the actual form submission. And then what it gives us is this kind of

[5:08] then what it gives us is this kind of then what it gives us is this kind of weird item where we have like hundreds weird item where we have like hundreds weird item where we have like hundreds of objects in here and each object has a of objects in here and each object has a of objects in here and each object has a start time, a duration, and then text. start time, a duration, and then text. start time, a duration, and then text. And so it's just really split up and not And so it's just really split up and not And so it's just really split up and not exactly the way that we wanted it. And exactly the way that we wanted it. And exactly the way that we wanted it. And by the way, if you guys download this by the way, if you guys download this by the way, if you guys download this template and you want to get set up, all template and you want to get set up, all template and you want to get set up, all you'll have to do is go to Apify and put you'll have to do is go to Apify and put you'll have to do is go to Apify and put in your own Aify API key right here. in your own Aify API key right here. in your own Aify API key right here. When you get to Appify, make sure to use When you get to Appify, make sure to use When you get to Appify, make sure to use code 30 Nate Herk for 30% off for 3 code 30 Nate Herk for 30% off for 3 code 30 Nate Herk for 30% off for 3 months. And then you'll come down here months. And then you'll come down here months. And then you'll come down here to your settings. You'll click on API to your settings. You'll click on API to your settings. You'll click on API and integrations. And then right here is and integrations. And then right here is and integrations. And then right here is where you'll copy your personal API key

[5:38] where you'll copy your personal API key where you'll copy your personal API key and then you just have to paste it in and then you just have to paste it in and then you just have to paste it in like I said right here. Just make sure like I said right here. Just make sure like I said right here. Just make sure to keep that key private because it's to keep that key private because it's to keep that key private because it's kind of like your password. So from kind of like your password. So from kind of like your password. So from there, what I decided to do was I wanted there, what I decided to do was I wanted there, what I decided to do was I wanted to clean it up and get one string of the to clean it up and get one string of the to clean it up and get one string of the entire full context. So I decided to use entire full context. So I decided to use entire full context. So I decided to use a code node for this. Now what I did a code node for this. Now what I did a code node for this. Now what I did here in this code node just to show you here in this code node just to show you here in this code node just to show you guys my thought process. I come here and guys my thought process. I come here and guys my thought process. I come here and I realize, okay, I have this incoming I realize, okay, I have this incoming I realize, okay, I have this incoming JSON and I want to use code to clean it JSON and I want to use code to clean it JSON and I want to use code to clean it up. What I'm going to do is I'm just up. What I'm going to do is I'm just up. What I'm going to do is I'm just going to copy a bit of this JSON right going to copy a bit of this JSON right going to copy a bit of this JSON right here. just so I can understand the here. just so I can understand the here. just so I can understand the schema. And then I go over to Claude and schema. And then I go over to Claude and schema. And then I go over to Claude and I say, "Help me write a code node in

[6:09] I say, "Help me write a code node in I say, "Help me write a code node in Nitn that will receive this incoming Nitn that will receive this incoming Nitn that will receive this incoming JSON schema." I paste in the schema and JSON schema." I paste in the schema and JSON schema." I paste in the schema and then I say, I need it to split out all then I say, I need it to split out all then I say, I need it to split out all of the text as one giant string because of the text as one giant string because of the text as one giant string because we're processing a transcript. So I want we're processing a transcript. So I want we're processing a transcript. So I want all of the text to flow together as one all of the text to flow together as one all of the text to flow together as one string in one item. It spits out the string in one item. It spits out the string in one item. It spits out the code. I paste it in. I try it out and code. I paste it in. I try it out and code. I paste it in. I try it out and what do you know? We get one item, which what do you know? We get one item, which what do you know? We get one item, which is the entire transcript in one string. is the entire transcript in one string. is the entire transcript in one string. So that's exactly what we wanted. But So that's exactly what we wanted. But So that's exactly what we wanted. But that's not exactly the information that that's not exactly the information that that's not exactly the information that I wanted to actually vectorize and chunk I wanted to actually vectorize and chunk I wanted to actually vectorize and chunk up because just like we saw in that up because just like we saw in that up because just like we saw in that visualization, we then wouldn't know the

[6:40] visualization, we then wouldn't know the visualization, we then wouldn't know the timestamps of every area that got timestamps of every area that got timestamps of every area that got chunked up. So what I decided to do was chunked up. So what I decided to do was chunked up. So what I decided to do was another code node and this time I wanted another code node and this time I wanted another code node and this time I wanted to actually split it up but keep the to actually split it up but keep the to actually split it up but keep the timestamps relative to each chunk of timestamps relative to each chunk of timestamps relative to each chunk of transcript. So I did the exact same transcript. So I did the exact same transcript. So I did the exact same thing here. I copied the schema. I went thing here. I copied the schema. I went thing here. I copied the schema. I went into my claude and I basically said what into my claude and I basically said what into my claude and I basically said what I want to do now is lump together 20 I want to do now is lump together 20 I want to do now is lump together 20 data objects at a time and I want the data objects at a time and I want the data objects at a time and I want the timestamps to actually stay relevant to timestamps to actually stay relevant to timestamps to actually stay relevant to each chunk. So that may not make a lot each chunk. So that may not make a lot each chunk. So that may not make a lot of sense. I'd rather just come into here of sense. I'd rather just come into here of sense. I'd rather just come into here and show you guys what I mean by that. and show you guys what I mean by that. and show you guys what I mean by that. So the transcript node outputs different

[7:12] So the transcript node outputs different So the transcript node outputs different objects called data and each data object objects called data and each data object objects called data and each data object has a start time, a duration, and then has a start time, a duration, and then has a start time, a duration, and then the actual text in that little object. the actual text in that little object. the actual text in that little object. So, what I'm basically telling Claude to So, what I'm basically telling Claude to So, what I'm basically telling Claude to do is I want to lump together 20 data do is I want to lump together 20 data do is I want to lump together 20 data objects at a time. And then when I lump objects at a time. And then when I lump objects at a time. And then when I lump together these data objects, I want you together these data objects, I want you together these data objects, I want you to collect and combine all of the text to collect and combine all of the text to collect and combine all of the text fields together. But in order to keep fields together. But in order to keep fields together. But in order to keep the time stamp relevant, I want to get the time stamp relevant, I want to get the time stamp relevant, I want to get the first start time from that first the first start time from that first the first start time from that first data object. And then from the last one, data object. And then from the last one, data object. And then from the last one, what I want to do is get the start time what I want to do is get the start time what I want to do is get the start time plus the duration, which would equal the

[7:42] plus the duration, which would equal the plus the duration, which would equal the end time. And then you can see on this end time. And then you can see on this end time. And then you can see on this right hand side, we get 25 different right hand side, we get 25 different right hand side, we get 25 different chunks of transcript. And each chunk has chunks of transcript. And each chunk has chunks of transcript. And each chunk has a formatted start time and a formatted a formatted start time and a formatted a formatted start time and a formatted end time. So this is why we're getting end time. So this is why we're getting end time. So this is why we're getting our nice chunks to vectorize that have our nice chunks to vectorize that have our nice chunks to vectorize that have our actual timestamps with them. So that our actual timestamps with them. So that our actual timestamps with them. So that worked beautifully. I'm now merging it worked beautifully. I'm now merging it worked beautifully. I'm now merging it all together and then we're setting it all together and then we're setting it all together and then we're setting it into subbase. And the only really thing into subbase. And the only really thing into subbase. And the only really thing that's special going on here is in the that's special going on here is in the that's special going on here is in the default data loader. This is where we're default data loader. This is where we're default data loader. This is where we're telling it what data to vectorize. And telling it what data to vectorize. And telling it what data to vectorize. And this is also where we're giving it the this is also where we're giving it the this is also where we're giving it the three metadata fields. Video title,

[8:12] three metadata fields. Video title, three metadata fields. Video title, timestamp, and video URL. So the first timestamp, and video URL. So the first timestamp, and video URL. So the first thing is the data to actually vectorize. thing is the data to actually vectorize. thing is the data to actually vectorize. I didn't want to do all input data. We I didn't want to do all input data. We I didn't want to do all input data. We wanted to load very specific data which wanted to load very specific data which wanted to load very specific data which would just be the text that actually got would just be the text that actually got would just be the text that actually got split up with timestamps. We didn't want split up with timestamps. We didn't want split up with timestamps. We didn't want to vectorize the entire combined text. to vectorize the entire combined text. to vectorize the entire combined text. So then for each of these chunks, we So then for each of these chunks, we So then for each of these chunks, we wanted to give the metadata. So for wanted to give the metadata. So for wanted to give the metadata. So for video title, I just went to the form video title, I just went to the form video title, I just went to the form submission and I dragged in the video submission and I dragged in the video submission and I dragged in the video title. For the video URL, I did the same title. For the video URL, I did the same title. For the video URL, I did the same thing from here. Dragged in the video thing from here. Dragged in the video thing from here. Dragged in the video URL. But then for time stamp, what I had URL. But then for time stamp, what I had URL. But then for time stamp, what I had to do was just go to our merge node to do was just go to our merge node to do was just go to our merge node where we pulled it all together. And

[8:42] where we pulled it all together. And where we pulled it all together. And then I wanted to pull in the formatted then I wanted to pull in the formatted then I wanted to pull in the formatted start time. And then I manually put a start time. And then I manually put a start time. And then I manually put a dash. And then I pulled in the formatted dash. And then I pulled in the formatted dash. And then I pulled in the formatted end time. So now we're getting like a end time. So now we're getting like a end time. So now we're getting like a range of 40 seconds for each of our range of 40 seconds for each of our range of 40 seconds for each of our chunks. And now that we have everything chunks. And now that we have everything chunks. And now that we have everything in our vector database and enriched, in our vector database and enriched, in our vector database and enriched, we're writing it into our Google sheet. we're writing it into our Google sheet. we're writing it into our Google sheet. So we can now see once again, here are So we can now see once again, here are So we can now see once again, here are the videos that exist in our vector the videos that exist in our vector the videos that exist in our vector database. And by the way, if you guys database. And by the way, if you guys database. And by the way, if you guys want to get a better feel for it and want to get a better feel for it and want to get a better feel for it and download this workflow, you can do so download this workflow, you can do so download this workflow, you can do so for free. You just have to join my free for free. You just have to join my free for free. You just have to join my free school community. The link for that will school community. The link for that will school community. The link for that will be down in the description. You'll then be down in the description. You'll then be down in the description. You'll then search for the title of this video or search for the title of this video or search for the title of this video or you can click on YouTube resources and you can click on YouTube resources and you can click on YouTube resources and then the post associated with this video

[9:13] then the post associated with this video then the post associated with this video will have the workflow right here to will have the workflow right here to will have the workflow right here to download. There will also be a link download. There will also be a link download. There will also be a link right here to this Google sheet template right here to this Google sheet template right here to this Google sheet template if you want to just import the exact if you want to just import the exact if you want to just import the exact same one so you don't have to set up same one so you don't have to set up same one so you don't have to set up anything else. Okay, cool. So now what anything else. Okay, cool. So now what anything else. Okay, cool. So now what we can do is chat with our agent and see we can do is chat with our agent and see we can do is chat with our agent and see if it actually can access that new if it actually can access that new if it actually can access that new video. So I'm going to send off this video. So I'm going to send off this video. So I'm going to send off this query that asks what does anthropics query that asks what does anthropics query that asks what does anthropics team say about building agents team say about building agents team say about building agents effectively. We'll see it look through effectively. We'll see it look through effectively. We'll see it look through Subbase and hopefully it's able to pull Subbase and hopefully it's able to pull Subbase and hopefully it's able to pull insights from that new video that we insights from that new video that we insights from that new video that we just put into our database. So, it just just put into our database. So, it just just put into our database. So, it just responded. Enthropics team shares

[9:43] responded. Enthropics team shares responded. Enthropics team shares several insights about building agents several insights about building agents several insights about building agents effectively. Here's the first tip from effectively. Here's the first tip from effectively. Here's the first tip from this video from the time stamp 12 to 42 this video from the time stamp 12 to 42 this video from the time stamp 12 to 42 with our YouTube video link. You can see with our YouTube video link. You can see with our YouTube video link. You can see we get some more insights down here and we get some more insights down here and we get some more insights down here and this is from way later in that video. this is from way later in that video. this is from way later in that video. So, 1745 to 1816. And then, of course, So, 1745 to 1816. And then, of course, So, 1745 to 1816. And then, of course, it gives us a few more points, but you it gives us a few more points, but you it gives us a few more points, but you can see it's pulling from the right can see it's pulling from the right can see it's pulling from the right video and it's also showing us exactly video and it's also showing us exactly video and it's also showing us exactly where it got that data. All right. All where it got that data. All right. All where it got that data. All right. All right. So, now that you guys have seen right. So, now that you guys have seen right. So, now that you guys have seen how that works, before we get to the how that works, before we get to the how that works, before we get to the pipeline down here to actually pipeline down here to actually pipeline down here to actually automatically delete transcripts from automatically delete transcripts from automatically delete transcripts from our vector database, I wanted to talk our vector database, I wanted to talk our vector database, I wanted to talk about now that we have two YouTube

[10:13] about now that we have two YouTube about now that we have two YouTube videos in our vector database. What if videos in our vector database. What if videos in our vector database. What if we wanted to make a search and say, I we wanted to make a search and say, I we wanted to make a search and say, I only want you to look through this one only want you to look through this one only want you to look through this one video. Well, this is where we would use video. Well, this is where we would use video. Well, this is where we would use metadata filtering because we can metadata filtering because we can metadata filtering because we can literally say, search through our vector literally say, search through our vector literally say, search through our vector database for this, but only pull back database for this, but only pull back database for this, but only pull back rows where the video title equals this. rows where the video title equals this. rows where the video title equals this. So, in order to do that, I have a So, in order to do that, I have a So, in order to do that, I have a different setup over here, which is our different setup over here, which is our different setup over here, which is our rag agent with a form submission in rag agent with a form submission in rag agent with a form submission in order to do the metadata filtering. So, order to do the metadata filtering. So, order to do the metadata filtering. So, we talked to this one through a form we talked to this one through a form we talked to this one through a form submission. I'm going to open up the submission. I'm going to open up the submission. I'm going to open up the form right here, and it's going to ask form right here, and it's going to ask form right here, and it's going to ask us for a YouTube video to look through, us for a YouTube video to look through, us for a YouTube video to look through, and then we can give it a query. So, I'm

[10:44] and then we can give it a query. So, I'm and then we can give it a query. So, I'm saying that I only want to look through saying that I only want to look through saying that I only want to look through that tips for building AI agents video that tips for building AI agents video that tips for building AI agents video by anthropic. And I just want three key by anthropic. And I just want three key by anthropic. And I just want three key takeaways. So, I'll send that off. Our takeaways. So, I'll send that off. Our takeaways. So, I'll send that off. Our agent's going to take that search agent's going to take that search agent's going to take that search through Superbase only for chunks where through Superbase only for chunks where through Superbase only for chunks where video title equals what we just put in video title equals what we just put in video title equals what we just put in there. and then it's going to give us an there. and then it's going to give us an there. and then it's going to give us an answer. And also, this one isn't going answer. And also, this one isn't going answer. And also, this one isn't going to answer in the chat because we talked to answer in the chat because we talked to answer in the chat because we talked to it through a form submission. So, I to it through a form submission. So, I to it through a form submission. So, I just have to click into the agent to just have to click into the agent to just have to click into the agent to read the answer. So, here we go. Here read the answer. So, here we go. Here read the answer. So, here we go. Here are three key takeaways from the video. are three key takeaways from the video. are three key takeaways from the video. Tips for building AI agents. The first Tips for building AI agents. The first Tips for building AI agents. The first one is when building agents, it's one is when building agents, it's one is when building agents, it's important to design your product so that important to design your product so that important to design your product so that as the AI models improve, your product

[11:14] as the AI models improve, your product as the AI models improve, your product improves as well. The second tip is improves as well. The second tip is improves as well. The second tip is about developers and it comes from 517 about developers and it comes from 517 about developers and it comes from 517 in that video. And then the last tip in that video. And then the last tip in that video. And then the last tip comes from that same video, of course, comes from that same video, of course, comes from that same video, of course, and from the 12second mark. So, just and from the 12second mark. So, just and from the 12second mark. So, just remember this isn't perfect. And if you remember this isn't perfect. And if you remember this isn't perfect. And if you really did want like three key takeaways really did want like three key takeaways really did want like three key takeaways or a big summary, you probably wouldn't or a big summary, you probably wouldn't or a big summary, you probably wouldn't want to take a vector search approach want to take a vector search approach want to take a vector search approach because the chunks still don't have because the chunks still don't have because the chunks still don't have holistic context of all the chunks holistic context of all the chunks holistic context of all the chunks combined. But the point I was trying to combined. But the point I was trying to combined. But the point I was trying to make here is this is how you can make here is this is how you can make here is this is how you can actually control which chunks you're actually control which chunks you're actually control which chunks you're looking through. Because in this subbase looking through. Because in this subbase looking through. Because in this subbase vector store node, we have a metadata

[11:44] vector store node, we have a metadata vector store node, we have a metadata filter. And this is where we're saying filter. And this is where we're saying filter. And this is where we're saying only pull back chunks if video title only pull back chunks if video title only pull back chunks if video title equals this dynamic input, which in our equals this dynamic input, which in our equals this dynamic input, which in our case is whatever we entered in that form case is whatever we entered in that form case is whatever we entered in that form submission. All right. And then the submission. All right. And then the submission. All right. And then the final part is we have this little final part is we have this little final part is we have this little pipeline to delete things if we don't pipeline to delete things if we don't pipeline to delete things if we don't want them in our vector database want them in our vector database want them in our vector database anymore. So let's say we're tired of anymore. So let's say we're tired of anymore. So let's say we're tired of chatting with this YouTube video from chatting with this YouTube video from chatting with this YouTube video from Nate and we want to get it out of our Nate and we want to get it out of our Nate and we want to get it out of our vector database. All we would do is we'd vector database. All we would do is we'd vector database. All we would do is we'd come in here and we would change the come in here and we would change the come in here and we would change the status to remove. And then this workflow status to remove. And then this workflow status to remove. And then this workflow is going to fire off if it's an active is going to fire off if it's an active is going to fire off if it's an active workflow because we updated a row. It's

[12:14] workflow because we updated a row. It's workflow because we updated a row. It's going to make sure it's only going to going to make sure it's only going to going to make sure it's only going to process rows where the status equals process rows where the status equals process rows where the status equals remove. So, let me just fire this off remove. So, let me just fire this off remove. So, let me just fire this off and show you guys. And then we set up and show you guys. And then we set up and show you guys. And then we set up the loop just in case you go in there the loop just in case you go in there the loop just in case you go in there and you mark off like five as it'll go and you mark off like five as it'll go and you mark off like five as it'll go ahead and process all five. So, you can ahead and process all five. So, you can ahead and process all five. So, you can see that was really quick. It already see that was really quick. It already see that was really quick. It already finished up. And if I go to that Google finished up. And if I go to that Google finished up. And if I go to that Google sheet, you can see that this now is sheet, you can see that this now is sheet, you can see that this now is marked as removed. And if I go to our marked as removed. And if I go to our marked as removed. And if I go to our vector database and we refresh this vector database and we refresh this vector database and we refresh this thing, we should see that this first thing, we should see that this first thing, we should see that this first chunk in here will not have the YouTube chunk in here will not have the YouTube chunk in here will not have the YouTube title of everything I learned about title of everything I learned about title of everything I learned about building agents, that video that just

[12:45] building agents, that video that just building agents, that video that just deleted. So now our vector database is deleted. So now our vector database is deleted. So now our vector database is up to date. So just to show you guys how up to date. So just to show you guys how up to date. So just to show you guys how this works, the trigger goes off when a this works, the trigger goes off when a this works, the trigger goes off when a row is updated, but it's still going to row is updated, but it's still going to row is updated, but it's still going to pull in everything on that sheet. So pull in everything on that sheet. So pull in everything on that sheet. So then what we do is we move into a filter then what we do is we move into a filter then what we do is we move into a filter and we just say if the status column and we just say if the status column and we just say if the status column equals remove, then we're going to keep equals remove, then we're going to keep equals remove, then we're going to keep it. And that's why it kept this video, it. And that's why it kept this video, it. And that's why it kept this video, but it didn't keep the tips for building but it didn't keep the tips for building but it didn't keep the tips for building AI agents. So, we're only going to AI agents. So, we're only going to AI agents. So, we're only going to actually remove the one that we marked actually remove the one that we marked actually remove the one that we marked as removed. Then we have the loop. We as removed. Then we have the loop. We as removed. Then we have the loop. We only have one item in this case, so it only have one item in this case, so it only have one item in this case, so it doesn't matter. But then we're doing a doesn't matter. But then we're doing a doesn't matter. But then we're doing a set just to make sure we set the URL of set just to make sure we set the URL of set just to make sure we set the URL of the video because that's what we're

[13:15] the video because that's what we're the video because that's what we're going to use as our metadata filter to going to use as our metadata filter to going to use as our metadata filter to delete vectors. So, we have our URL delete vectors. So, we have our URL delete vectors. So, we have our URL right here of the YouTube video. And right here of the YouTube video. And right here of the YouTube video. And then we go into a subbase node where then we go into a subbase node where then we go into a subbase node where we're going to delete a row. We're we're going to delete a row. We're we're going to delete a row. We're deleting it from that table that we had deleting it from that table that we had deleting it from that table that we had set up. And then we're basically saying set up. And then we're basically saying set up. And then we're basically saying only delete rows where in the metadata only delete rows where in the metadata only delete rows where in the metadata the field called video URL equals this, the field called video URL equals this, the field called video URL equals this, which is the dynamic which is the dynamic which is the dynamic YouTube video URL that we just set. And YouTube video URL that we just set. And YouTube video URL that we just set. And so it comes back to us and it says, so it comes back to us and it says, so it comes back to us and it says, okay, we found 32 vectors where the okay, we found 32 vectors where the okay, we found 32 vectors where the video URL metadata field equaled this

[13:46] video URL metadata field equaled this video URL metadata field equaled this string. And so we're just going to string. And so we're just going to string. And so we're just going to delete them all. It goes ahead and it delete them all. It goes ahead and it delete them all. It goes ahead and it deletes them. And then we update in our deletes them. And then we update in our deletes them. And then we update in our Google sheet that this URL was marked as Google sheet that this URL was marked as Google sheet that this URL was marked as removed. So, that's the full system I removed. So, that's the full system I removed. So, that's the full system I wanted to share with you guys today. If wanted to share with you guys today. If wanted to share with you guys today. If you download this template for free, you download this template for free, you download this template for free, you'll be able to play around with all you'll be able to play around with all you'll be able to play around with all of this and just test it out and see, of this and just test it out and see, of this and just test it out and see, you know, how could you start to use you know, how could you start to use you know, how could you start to use metadata for your specific use case metadata for your specific use case metadata for your specific use case because it's always going to be because it's always going to be because it's always going to be different for different types of data. different for different types of data. different for different types of data. But the key really is this rag pipeline But the key really is this rag pipeline But the key really is this rag pipeline right here where you're going to process right here where you're going to process right here where you're going to process different types of inputs, but for each

[14:17] different types of inputs, but for each different types of inputs, but for each input, you should know exactly what you input, you should know exactly what you input, you should know exactly what you want. So, in this case, I knew whenever want. So, in this case, I knew whenever want. So, in this case, I knew whenever I get a transcript, I want the full I get a transcript, I want the full I get a transcript, I want the full thing. I want the timestamps and then thing. I want the timestamps and then thing. I want the timestamps and then I'm going to know exactly what fields I'm going to know exactly what fields I'm going to know exactly what fields are going to be metadata. And so once are going to be metadata. And so once are going to be metadata. And so once you get that pipeline figured out where you get that pipeline figured out where you get that pipeline figured out where you're taking data, you're preparing it, you're taking data, you're preparing it, you're taking data, you're preparing it, you're standardizing it, everything's you're standardizing it, everything's you're standardizing it, everything's predictable, then you can really start predictable, then you can really start predictable, then you can really start to enrich all of this data in a database to enrich all of this data in a database to enrich all of this data in a database to pull it back. And if you're looking to pull it back. And if you're looking to pull it back. And if you're looking to deep dive into some of this stuff and to deep dive into some of this stuff and to deep dive into some of this stuff and you're looking for a more hands-on you're looking for a more hands-on you're looking for a more hands-on experience, then I definitely recommend experience, then I definitely recommend experience, then I definitely recommend checking out my paid community. The link checking out my paid community. The link checking out my paid community. The link for that is also down in the for that is also down in the for that is also down in the description. We've got a great community description. We've got a great community description. We've got a great community of members who are always sharing and

[14:47] of members who are always sharing and of members who are always sharing and building with an end every single day. building with an end every single day. building with an end every single day. And we have two full courses. One's And we have two full courses. One's And we have two full courses. One's called Agent Zero, which is the called Agent Zero, which is the called Agent Zero, which is the foundations for AI automation. And then foundations for AI automation. And then foundations for AI automation. And then we have 10 hours to 10 seconds, where we have 10 hours to 10 seconds, where we have 10 hours to 10 seconds, where you learn how to identify, design, and you learn how to identify, design, and you learn how to identify, design, and build time-saving automations. So, I'd build time-saving automations. So, I'd build time-saving automations. So, I'd love to see you guys in this community. love to see you guys in this community. love to see you guys in this community. But that's going to do it for this one. But that's going to do it for this one. But that's going to do it for this one. Hopefully, you all enjoyed or learned Hopefully, you all enjoyed or learned Hopefully, you all enjoyed or learned something new. If you did, I'd really something new. If you did, I'd really something new. If you did, I'd really appreciate a like. Helps me out a ton. appreciate a like. Helps me out a ton. appreciate a like. Helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys And as always, I appreciate you guys And as always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. I'll making it to the end of the video. I'll making it to the end of the video. I'll see you all in the next one. Thanks see you all in the next one. Thanks see you all in the next one. Thanks guys.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=lnm0PMi-4mE
