# Transcript: How to Actually Build & Sell Software with AI as a Non-Techie

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8ywUsEJ2XQ
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 1:09:29 · Words: 39884
Other available languages: a-ar (ar) [auto], a-bn (bn) [auto], a-nl (nl) [auto], a-fr (fr) [auto], a-de (de) [auto], a-iw (iw) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-ja (ja) [auto], a-ko (ko) [auto], a-ml (ml) [auto], a-pl (pl) [auto], a-pt (pt) [auto], a-pa (pa) [auto], a-ru (ru) [auto], a-es (es) [auto], a-ta (ta) [auto], a-te (te) [auto], a-uk (uk) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/l8ywUsEJ2XQ.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=l8ywUsEJ2XQ

## Transcript
[0:03] So you've been coding in Python for over So you've been coding in Python for over 10 years now. How different do you view 10 years now. How different do you view 10 years now. How different do you view the software engineering space now that the software engineering space now that the software engineering space now that we have all these AI tools? we have all these AI tools? we have all these AI tools? &gt;&gt; I don't write a single line of code &gt;&gt; I don't write a single line of code &gt;&gt; I don't write a single line of code anymore. Not a single. So everything anymore. Not a single. So everything anymore. Not a single. So everything goes through codecs or through cloud goes through codecs or through cloud goes through codecs or through cloud code. Think about any skill you would code. Think about any skill you would code. Think about any skill you would learn. You're not going to start at the learn. You're not going to start at the learn. You're not going to start at the elite level. But right now we all start elite level. But right now we all start elite level. But right now we all start with these same really great tools that with these same really great tools that with these same really great tools that can help us produce code. can help us produce code. can help us produce code. &gt;&gt; If you had to put a number to it, how &gt;&gt; If you had to put a number to it, how &gt;&gt; If you had to put a number to it, how much faster do you think you're able to much faster do you think you're able to much faster do you think you're able to move now? Well, compared to when I was move now? Well, compared to when I was move now? Well, compared to when I was just starting out, probably 100x, you just starting out, probably 100x, you just starting out, probably 100x, you can build useful stuff with one prompt.

[0:34] can build useful stuff with one prompt. can build useful stuff with one prompt. Heck, you can even build entire software Heck, you can even build entire software Heck, you can even build entire software products that you could sell even if you products that you could sell even if you products that you could sell even if you have a limited technical background. have a limited technical background. have a limited technical background. &gt;&gt; Do you have any examples of maybe &gt;&gt; Do you have any examples of maybe &gt;&gt; Do you have any examples of maybe landmines that you've stepped on when landmines that you've stepped on when landmines that you've stepped on when trying to scale something, trying to scale something, trying to scale something, &gt;&gt; the stakes get bigger and bigger and &gt;&gt; the stakes get bigger and bigger and &gt;&gt; the stakes get bigger and bigger and bigger as you start to build software bigger as you start to build software bigger as you start to build software that's used by more and more people, that's used by more and more people, that's used by more and more people, there are certain obligations when it there are certain obligations when it there are certain obligations when it comes to data privacy and protection, comes to data privacy and protection, comes to data privacy and protection, security breach. That's one thing that security breach. That's one thing that security breach. That's one thing that you cannot take back. Once those emails you cannot take back. Once those emails you cannot take back. Once those emails and that personal data is leaked, you and that personal data is leaked, you and that personal data is leaked, you can't go back. can't go back. can't go back. &gt;&gt; If I was starting today with no &gt;&gt; If I was starting today with no &gt;&gt; If I was starting today with no technical experience, I would be most technical experience, I would be most technical experience, I would be most excited about this.

[1:11] &gt;&gt; All right, Dave. So, you've been coding &gt;&gt; All right, Dave. So, you've been coding in Python for over 10 years now. Your in Python for over 10 years now. Your in Python for over 10 years now. Your team has delivered 50 plus AI solutions team has delivered 50 plus AI solutions team has delivered 50 plus AI solutions with Glido. You are shipping new with Glido. You are shipping new with Glido. You are shipping new features and updates like every week. I features and updates like every week. I features and updates like every week. I just want to know how different do you just want to know how different do you just want to know how different do you view the software engineering space now view the software engineering space now view the software engineering space now that we have all these AI tools. that we have all these AI tools. that we have all these AI tools. &gt;&gt; Oh man, what a question to kick this off &gt;&gt; Oh man, what a question to kick this off &gt;&gt; Oh man, what a question to kick this off with. Well, obviously it's completely with. Well, obviously it's completely with. Well, obviously it's completely different. It's completely different. different. It's completely different. different. It's completely different. What happened over the past three years What happened over the past three years What happened over the past three years and especially what happened in the last and especially what happened in the last and especially what happened in the last year is just wild. It's just crazy in

[1:41] year is just wild. It's just crazy in year is just wild. It's just crazy in terms of what we can do right now. And terms of what we can do right now. And terms of what we can do right now. And we're all experiencing this, right? we're all experiencing this, right? we're all experiencing this, right? We're all using these tools. We're all We're all using these tools. We're all We're all using these tools. We're all producing lots of code. We're building. producing lots of code. We're building. producing lots of code. We're building. And so first of all, it's like really And so first of all, it's like really And so first of all, it's like really exciting. So if you ask me like what is exciting. So if you ask me like what is exciting. So if you ask me like what is mainly different from when I started out mainly different from when I started out mainly different from when I started out back in 2013, so like over 10 years ago back in 2013, so like over 10 years ago back in 2013, so like over 10 years ago already, well, first of all, coding was already, well, first of all, coding was already, well, first of all, coding was really freaking hard [laughter] really freaking hard [laughter] really freaking hard [laughter] and learn and learning and learning to and learn and learning and learning to and learn and learning and learning to code as well. And you would just spend code as well. And you would just spend code as well. And you would just spend so much time working on this tidy little

[2:11] so much time working on this tidy little so much time working on this tidy little program, looking up Stack Overflow, and program, looking up Stack Overflow, and program, looking up Stack Overflow, and then trying to make stuff work, right? then trying to make stuff work, right? then trying to make stuff work, right? So you could build small little things So you could build small little things So you could build small little things and then if you worked on something long and then if you worked on something long and then if you worked on something long enough you could build something useful enough you could build something useful enough you could build something useful maybe right now fast forward in the maybe right now fast forward in the maybe right now fast forward in the world that we live in today you can world that we live in today you can world that we live in today you can build useful stuff with one prompt and build useful stuff with one prompt and build useful stuff with one prompt and we all know that we see it on your we all know that we see it on your we all know that we see it on your channel like every week just one prompt channel like every week just one prompt channel like every week just one prompt and you you can build stuff. So what and you you can build stuff. So what and you you can build stuff. So what that then also means is that we can now

[2:43] that then also means is that we can now that then also means is that we can now just think bigger as developers, as just think bigger as developers, as just think bigger as developers, as builders, and we can now do stuff and builders, and we can now do stuff and builders, and we can now do stuff and build stuff that just wasn't realistic build stuff that just wasn't realistic build stuff that just wasn't realistic or possible a couple of years ago. So or possible a couple of years ago. So or possible a couple of years ago. So that means we can build automations for that means we can build automations for that means we can build automations for yourself, for personal productivity, for yourself, for personal productivity, for yourself, for personal productivity, for your company, inside the company, for your company, inside the company, for your company, inside the company, for clients. Heck, you can even build entire clients. Heck, you can even build entire clients. Heck, you can even build entire software products that you could sell software products that you could sell software products that you could sell even if you have limited a limited even if you have limited a limited even if you have limited a limited technical background. That's now all

[3:13] technical background. That's now all technical background. That's now all possible and it's getting faster every possible and it's getting faster every possible and it's getting faster every week. week. week. &gt;&gt; If you had to put a number to it, how &gt;&gt; If you had to put a number to it, how &gt;&gt; If you had to put a number to it, how much faster do you think you're able to much faster do you think you're able to much faster do you think you're able to move now? move now? move now? &gt;&gt; Well, compared to when I was just &gt;&gt; Well, compared to when I was just &gt;&gt; Well, compared to when I was just starting out, probably 100x. Well, starting out, probably 100x. Well, starting out, probably 100x. Well, that's not fair because I was a complete that's not fair because I was a complete that's not fair because I was a complete noob. But let's say let's [laughter] do noob. But let's say let's [laughter] do noob. But let's say let's [laughter] do a little bit more of a of a realistic a little bit more of a of a realistic a little bit more of a of a realistic take. Let's say we go back to 2022. take. Let's say we go back to 2022. take. Let's say we go back to 2022. At that time, I was already working as a At that time, I was already working as a At that time, I was already working as a freelance data scientist, data analyst

[3:45] freelance data scientist, data analyst freelance data scientist, data analyst for like two or three years at that for like two or three years at that for like two or three years at that point. So, I was professionally writing point. So, I was professionally writing point. So, I was professionally writing code mostly Python code almost every day code mostly Python code almost every day code mostly Python code almost every day for already three years. for already three years. for already three years. &gt;&gt; Okay. If I look at that point right now &gt;&gt; Okay. If I look at that point right now &gt;&gt; Okay. If I look at that point right now and see like how much I could ship and and see like how much I could ship and and see like how much I could ship and produce and do and all of that compared produce and do and all of that compared produce and do and all of that compared to what I can do right now, I would I to what I can do right now, I would I to what I can do right now, I would I would still put it like a solid 10x like would still put it like a solid 10x like would still put it like a solid 10x like a solid 10x of actual useful like a solid 10x of actual useful like a solid 10x of actual useful like production ready code that you can ship production ready code that you can ship production ready code that you can ship and on some projects is maybe even more

[4:15] and on some projects is maybe even more and on some projects is maybe even more because I can now also work on projects because I can now also work on projects because I can now also work on projects and work with languages that before were and work with languages that before were and work with languages that before were just not possible. So I come from a just not possible. So I come from a just not possible. So I come from a Python background, data scientist, later Python background, data scientist, later Python background, data scientist, later AI engineering. So I used to make AI engineering. So I used to make AI engineering. So I used to make backend systems. But if you were to ask backend systems. But if you were to ask backend systems. But if you were to ask me to build like a a shiny like front me to build like a a shiny like front me to build like a a shiny like front end or dashboard, I have like I have end or dashboard, I have like I have end or dashboard, I have like I have never written a single line of never written a single line of never written a single line of JavaScript like actually in my life JavaScript like actually in my life JavaScript like actually in my life pretty much. I only started to pick that pretty much. I only started to pick that pretty much. I only started to pick that up once the coding agents were there. I up once the coding agents were there. I up once the coding agents were there. I was like, "Yeah, like let's just try

[4:45] was like, "Yeah, like let's just try was like, "Yeah, like let's just try it." Right? So that is I think a it." Right? So that is I think a it." Right? So that is I think a distinction like like a solid 10x on on distinction like like a solid 10x on on distinction like like a solid 10x on on the work that I already did the work that I already did the work that I already did professionally but like probably even professionally but like probably even professionally but like probably even more than that on other like more than that on other like more than that on other like possibilities that I just couldn't do possibilities that I just couldn't do possibilities that I just couldn't do before. before. before. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. So before kind of preai &gt;&gt; Gotcha. So before kind of preai &gt;&gt; Gotcha. So before kind of preai engineers would kind of typically engineers would kind of typically engineers would kind of typically specialize in either like more of the specialize in either like more of the specialize in either like more of the back end at a very high level like a back end at a very high level like a back end at a very high level like a back end or a front end and it was a back end or a front end and it was a back end or a front end and it was a very different way you thought about very different way you thought about very different way you thought about writing that code. writing that code. writing that code. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah for sure. And you of course you &gt;&gt; Oh yeah for sure. And you of course you &gt;&gt; Oh yeah for sure. And you of course you have full stack engineers as well. But

[5:15] have full stack engineers as well. But have full stack engineers as well. But then even with full stack it would it then even with full stack it would it then even with full stack it would it was probably focused on like specific was probably focused on like specific was probably focused on like specific languages and you know you back then you languages and you know you back then you languages and you know you back then you also had these like 10x engineers right also had these like 10x engineers right also had these like 10x engineers right like the the old legends of these and like the the old legends of these and like the the old legends of these and you have you had these like just crazy you have you had these like just crazy you have you had these like just crazy developers that could do it all but developers that could do it all but developers that could do it all but generally speaking mostly people would generally speaking mostly people would generally speaking mostly people would either do back end front end security either do back end front end security either do back end front end security infrastructure they would have like one infrastructure they would have like one infrastructure they would have like one or two languages that they're or two languages that they're or two languages that they're comfortable with and that is now um that comfortable with and that is now um that comfortable with and that is now um that that is now completely like flipped on

[5:46] that is now completely like flipped on that is now completely like flipped on its head. its head. its head. &gt;&gt; So now instead of really having to &gt;&gt; So now instead of really having to &gt;&gt; So now instead of really having to specialize, everyone that's building can specialize, everyone that's building can specialize, everyone that's building can sort of be a jack of all trades there, sort of be a jack of all trades there, sort of be a jack of all trades there, more of a generalist and and feel more of a generalist and and feel more of a generalist and and feel confident that they are kind of able to confident that they are kind of able to confident that they are kind of able to write high quality code in maybe some of write high quality code in maybe some of write high quality code in maybe some of the areas that they weren't super the areas that they weren't super the areas that they weren't super proficient in beforehand. proficient in beforehand. proficient in beforehand. &gt;&gt; Yes, for sure. And I also would highly &gt;&gt; Yes, for sure. And I also would highly &gt;&gt; Yes, for sure. And I also would highly recommend recommend recommend everyone to try and do that because why everyone to try and do that because why everyone to try and do that because why is that the case? If you don't if you is that the case? If you don't if you is that the case? If you don't if you stick to specialization where of course

[6:18] stick to specialization where of course stick to specialization where of course like there there's always value in like there there's always value in like there there's always value in specialization right so maybe people specialization right so maybe people specialization right so maybe people watching if you're working in enterprise watching if you're working in enterprise watching if you're working in enterprise let's say you're working for meta or let's say you're working for meta or let's say you're working for meta or Google or whatever and you're part of Google or whatever and you're part of Google or whatever and you're part of like a highly specialized team like a highly specialized team like a highly specialized team &gt;&gt; you need to be top 1% of what you're &gt;&gt; you need to be top 1% of what you're &gt;&gt; you need to be top 1% of what you're doing right you need to be a hyper doing right you need to be a hyper doing right you need to be a hyper specialist [clears throat] specialist [clears throat] specialist [clears throat] &gt;&gt; but let's be real most people don't work &gt;&gt; but let's be real most people don't work &gt;&gt; but let's be real most people don't work in the top 1% at mad at Google and all in the top 1% at mad at Google and all in the top 1% at mad at Google and all of that most of us are like we're of that most of us are like we're of that most of us are like we're building we like to build stuff and building we like to build stuff and building we like to build stuff and there you can better nowadays be a there you can better nowadays be a there you can better nowadays be a generalist because if you specialize

[6:50] generalist because if you specialize generalist because if you specialize means you focus on one part of the means you focus on one part of the means you focus on one part of the project let's say means you also need project let's say means you also need project let's say means you also need other people to deliver something end to other people to deliver something end to other people to deliver something end to end to ship something and now your AI end to ship something and now your AI end to ship something and now your AI agents can move way faster than you can agents can move way faster than you can agents can move way faster than you can communicate and keep can keep up with communicate and keep can keep up with communicate and keep can keep up with teammates so if you cannot work across teammates so if you cannot work across teammates so if you cannot work across the entire stack you are quite quickly the entire stack you are quite quickly the entire stack you are quite quickly going to hit a bottleneck where your going to hit a bottleneck where your going to hit a bottleneck where your agent is all already ready, right? It's agent is all already ready, right? It's agent is all already ready, right? It's ready to ship. It's ready to work on the ready to ship. It's ready to work on the ready to ship. It's ready to work on the next part. But if for example, I don't next part. But if for example, I don't next part. But if for example, I don't know, there is not an integration with

[7:20] know, there is not an integration with know, there is not an integration with the front end because you only do back the front end because you only do back the front end because you only do back end or um you don't know how to work end or um you don't know how to work end or um you don't know how to work with the databases and adjust your back with the databases and adjust your back with the databases and adjust your back end to the database, right? there is a end to the database, right? there is a end to the database, right? there is a dependency and that creates problems and dependency and that creates problems and dependency and that creates problems and I've seen really in the first of all the I've seen really in the first of all the I've seen really in the first of all the projects that I've worked on the teams projects that I've worked on the teams projects that I've worked on the teams that I've worked with but also now what that I've worked with but also now what that I've worked with but also now what we do in glido and how we build glido we do in glido and how we build glido we do in glido and how we build glido that we have very of course still we that we have very of course still we that we have very of course still we have separate roles and responsibilities have separate roles and responsibilities have separate roles and responsibilities and we have more people but we give and we have more people but we give and we have more people but we give people complete ownership on a people complete ownership on a people complete ownership on a particular aspect of the product where

[7:50] particular aspect of the product where particular aspect of the product where they can really ship from something from they can really ship from something from they can really ship from something from like start to finish on their own like start to finish on their own like start to finish on their own without needing someone else other than without needing someone else other than without needing someone else other than like maybe a review from someone in the like maybe a review from someone in the like maybe a review from someone in the process, right? But not like actual work process, right? But not like actual work process, right? But not like actual work or code that needs to be developed. So I or code that needs to be developed. So I or code that needs to be developed. So I think being a generalist is the best way think being a generalist is the best way think being a generalist is the best way to go. It's now possible. So you can to go. It's now possible. So you can to go. It's now possible. So you can just get better at um engineering, learn just get better at um engineering, learn just get better at um engineering, learn engineering principles and then which engineering principles and then which engineering principles and then which language or framework you apply that to language or framework you apply that to language or framework you apply that to uh starts to matter less and less. uh starts to matter less and less. uh starts to matter less and less. &gt;&gt; Real quick guys, I just have to take a

[8:20] &gt;&gt; Real quick guys, I just have to take a &gt;&gt; Real quick guys, I just have to take a second to tell you about the sponsor of second to tell you about the sponsor of second to tell you about the sponsor of today's video, Code Rabbit. So, I know today's video, Code Rabbit. So, I know today's video, Code Rabbit. So, I know that a lot of you guys are building with that a lot of you guys are building with that a lot of you guys are building with coding agents now. And the code coding agents now. And the code coding agents now. And the code definitely piles up faster than you can definitely piles up faster than you can definitely piles up faster than you can actually read it because the agent actually read it because the agent actually read it because the agent doesn't just touch one file at a time. doesn't just touch one file at a time. doesn't just touch one file at a time. It goes through your routes, your It goes through your routes, your It goes through your routes, your schemas, your tests, and your config in schemas, your tests, and your config in schemas, your tests, and your config in a single pass. And then you open the a single pass. And then you open the a single pass. And then you open the pull request and GitHub gives you an pull request and GitHub gives you an pull request and GitHub gives you an alphabetical list of files. So, you're alphabetical list of files. So, you're alphabetical list of files. So, you're rebuilding the logic in your own head. rebuilding the logic in your own head. rebuilding the logic in your own head. So, Chainstack is Code Rabbit's review So, Chainstack is Code Rabbit's review So, Chainstack is Code Rabbit's review interface for that exact problem. What interface for that exact problem. What interface for that exact problem. What it does is it splits the pull request it does is it splits the pull request it does is it splits the pull request into cohorts of related work and orders into cohorts of related work and orders into cohorts of related work and orders them by what depends on what. So, it

[8:51] them by what depends on what. So, it them by what depends on what. So, it reads it in the order that it was reads it in the order that it was reads it in the order that it was actually built. It opens on an overview actually built. It opens on an overview actually built. It opens on an overview page with the summary, the walkthrough, page with the summary, the walkthrough, page with the summary, the walkthrough, and what's blocking merge, merge and what's blocking merge, merge and what's blocking merge, merge conflicts, and failing CI checks you can conflicts, and failing CI checks you can conflicts, and failing CI checks you can fix from the page in one click. There's fix from the page in one click. There's fix from the page in one click. There's also a timeline of every change, also a timeline of every change, also a timeline of every change, approval, and comment. So, you can see approval, and comment. So, you can see approval, and comment. So, you can see why each decision got made. And the why each decision got made. And the why each decision got made. And the semantic diff view is the part that I semantic diff view is the part that I semantic diff view is the part that I would probably use the most because when would probably use the most because when would probably use the most because when code gets moved, a normal diff shows it code gets moved, a normal diff shows it code gets moved, a normal diff shows it deleted on one side and added back on deleted on one side and added back on deleted on one side and added back on the other, bearing the real change. The the other, bearing the real change. The the other, bearing the real change. The semantic view shows you what actually semantic view shows you what actually semantic view shows you what actually changed. And you can ask the agent changed. And you can ask the agent changed. And you can ask the agent questions about the PR right on that

[9:21] questions about the PR right on that questions about the PR right on that page. So, if you're shipping more agent page. So, if you're shipping more agent page. So, if you're shipping more agent code than you can read, there's a free code than you can read, there's a free code than you can read, there's a free 14-day trial. No credit cards required. 14-day trial. No credit cards required. 14-day trial. No credit cards required. The link is in the description. And huge The link is in the description. And huge The link is in the description. And huge thanks to Code Rabbit for sponsoring thanks to Code Rabbit for sponsoring thanks to Code Rabbit for sponsoring this part of the video. Now, let's get this part of the video. Now, let's get this part of the video. Now, let's get back to it. I hear you. And I think that back to it. I hear you. And I think that back to it. I hear you. And I think that I'm really excited for this conversation I'm really excited for this conversation I'm really excited for this conversation because my audience is typically people because my audience is typically people because my audience is typically people that are coming from a nontechnical that are coming from a nontechnical that are coming from a nontechnical background. And it seems like your background. And it seems like your background. And it seems like your audience is like the exact opposite. And audience is like the exact opposite. And audience is like the exact opposite. And &gt;&gt; one one thing that I hear from my &gt;&gt; one one thing that I hear from my &gt;&gt; one one thing that I hear from my audience like when you know I'm building audience like when you know I'm building audience like when you know I'm building stuff and I always sometimes wonder is

[9:51] stuff and I always sometimes wonder is stuff and I always sometimes wonder is this right? You know cuz the only really this right? You know cuz the only really this right? You know cuz the only really source of truth that I can trust is my source of truth that I can trust is my source of truth that I can trust is my agent and that's not always going to be agent and that's not always going to be agent and that's not always going to be the source of truth that you want to the source of truth that you want to the source of truth that you want to trust. trust. trust. &gt;&gt; I'm curious you know I want to zoom out &gt;&gt; I'm curious you know I want to zoom out &gt;&gt; I'm curious you know I want to zoom out and I want to start from the very and I want to start from the very and I want to start from the very beginning but real quick before we beginning but real quick before we beginning but real quick before we transition into that. I'm just curious transition into that. I'm just curious transition into that. I'm just curious how did you feel about the whole vibe how did you feel about the whole vibe how did you feel about the whole vibe coding era like when that term really coding era like when that term really coding era like when that term really started to pop up and you as a software started to pop up and you as a software started to pop up and you as a software engineer there was probably so many engineer there was probably so many engineer there was probably so many alarms going off in your head when alarms going off in your head when alarms going off in your head when everyone was just picking up these tools everyone was just picking up these tools everyone was just picking up these tools and started you know building apps and and started you know building apps and and started you know building apps and stuff like that. stuff like that. stuff like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So first of all I found it very

[10:23] &gt;&gt; Yeah. So first of all I found it very &gt;&gt; Yeah. So first of all I found it very exciting because the thing is I was also exciting because the thing is I was also exciting because the thing is I was also very much part of that whole vibe coders very much part of that whole vibe coders very much part of that whole vibe coders journey even though I have uh experience journey even though I have uh experience journey even though I have uh experience as an engineer like I've said I was now as an engineer like I've said I was now as an engineer like I've said I was now also creating front-end applications also creating front-end applications also creating front-end applications fully custom code websites fully custom code websites fully custom code websites &gt;&gt; and I wasn't reading the code and I &gt;&gt; and I wasn't reading the code and I &gt;&gt; and I wasn't reading the code and I couldn't care so like that would also couldn't care so like that would also couldn't care so like that would also put me in in a category of like five put me in in a category of like five put me in in a category of like five coder coder coder &gt;&gt; and even though that I technically know &gt;&gt; and even though that I technically know &gt;&gt; and even though that I technically know how to like set up an architecture and how to like set up an architecture and how to like set up an architecture and how to secure your applications and all

[10:53] how to secure your applications and all how to secure your applications and all of that, right? That of course helps and of that, right? That of course helps and of that, right? That of course helps and that adds a little bit of um just extra that adds a little bit of um just extra that adds a little bit of um just extra experience to it. But I'm very much pro experience to it. But I'm very much pro experience to it. But I'm very much pro pro vibe coding. You just need to know pro vibe coding. You just need to know pro vibe coding. You just need to know what the stakes are depending on what what the stakes are depending on what what the stakes are depending on what you're working on, right? Because you're working on, right? Because you're working on, right? Because &gt;&gt; if you're building if you're building &gt;&gt; if you're building if you're building &gt;&gt; if you're building if you're building your personal website, your personal website, your personal website, &gt;&gt; by all means like vibe away. There's &gt;&gt; by all means like vibe away. There's &gt;&gt; by all means like vibe away. There's like zero risk, right? But it it's like zero risk, right? But it it's like zero risk, right? But it it's always about like risk versus reward always about like risk versus reward always about like risk versus reward trade-off. So I think it's awesome that trade-off. So I think it's awesome that trade-off. So I think it's awesome that everyone can build right now. I can everyone can build right now. I can everyone can build right now. I can build more. Uh that's super fun. Anyone

[11:23] build more. Uh that's super fun. Anyone build more. Uh that's super fun. Anyone can build. And then the question is you can build. And then the question is you can build. And then the question is you just need to start being careful like just need to start being careful like just need to start being careful like once you let other users, other people once you let other users, other people once you let other users, other people use your software and especially when use your software and especially when use your software and especially when personal data is involved, right? So personal data is involved, right? So personal data is involved, right? So that's that's I think where you need to that's that's I think where you need to that's that's I think where you need to draw kind of like a fine line in terms draw kind of like a fine line in terms draw kind of like a fine line in terms of like how far can you really just push of like how far can you really just push of like how far can you really just push things without really understanding things without really understanding things without really understanding what's going on and just going off of what's going on and just going off of what's going on and just going off of the looks or like checking whether the looks or like checking whether the looks or like checking whether something works and diving deeper into something works and diving deeper into something works and diving deeper into hm let's see if this actually is secure hm let's see if this actually is secure hm let's see if this actually is secure because now it's not your only your own

[11:53] because now it's not your only your own because now it's not your only your own data that you're working with but it's data that you're working with but it's data that you're working with but it's also other people's right so I think also other people's right so I think also other people's right so I think that is um yeah so that is kind of like that is um yeah so that is kind of like that is um yeah so that is kind of like my view on the whole vibe coding uh turn my view on the whole vibe coding uh turn my view on the whole vibe coding uh turn more or trend really that was going on. more or trend really that was going on. more or trend really that was going on. &gt;&gt; I hear you. Yeah. I mean it's very cool &gt;&gt; I hear you. Yeah. I mean it's very cool &gt;&gt; I hear you. Yeah. I mean it's very cool because we see all of these stories of because we see all of these stories of because we see all of these stories of people, you know, from whatever sort of people, you know, from whatever sort of people, you know, from whatever sort of background that just have this idea and background that just have this idea and background that just have this idea and then they start talking to an AI agent then they start talking to an AI agent then they start talking to an AI agent and they're able to actually run with and they're able to actually run with and they're able to actually run with it. And we've seen some pretty cool it. And we've seen some pretty cool it. And we've seen some pretty cool exits. We've seen people just change

[12:23] exits. We've seen people just change exits. We've seen people just change their lives because they've been able to their lives because they've been able to their lives because they've been able to take their idea and turn it into take their idea and turn it into take their idea and turn it into something. So, let's actually like kind something. So, let's actually like kind something. So, let's actually like kind of walk through that process a little of walk through that process a little of walk through that process a little bit. If someone has an idea and they bit. If someone has an idea and they bit. If someone has an idea and they want to sit down this weekend and they want to sit down this weekend and they want to sit down this weekend and they want to start building that out, what want to start building that out, what want to start building that out, what how would you do that? What what sort of how would you do that? What what sort of how would you do that? What what sort of steps and planning do you go through in steps and planning do you go through in steps and planning do you go through in order to start building some sort of app order to start building some sort of app order to start building some sort of app or software? or software? or software? &gt;&gt; Great question. So, so let let's walk &gt;&gt; Great question. So, so let let's walk &gt;&gt; Great question. So, so let let's walk through this. So, through this. So, through this. So, first of all, first of all, first of all, you need to get a rough idea you need to get a rough idea you need to get a rough idea of how big the thing is that you want to

[12:57] of how big the thing is that you want to of how big the thing is that you want to build. build. build. Because when it comes to building Because when it comes to building Because when it comes to building products and let's focus on software products and let's focus on software products and let's focus on software products uh right now to make it a products uh right now to make it a products uh right now to make it a little bit simpler right um there's little bit simpler right um there's little bit simpler right um there's different level different levels to different level different levels to different level different levels to things things things &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; so first of all I would say ask yourself &gt;&gt; so first of all I would say ask yourself &gt;&gt; so first of all I would say ask yourself the question is this something is this a the question is this something is this a the question is this something is this a software tool that just you want to use software tool that just you want to use software tool that just you want to use like because you want to have some type like because you want to have some type like because you want to have some type of tool either something that you're of tool either something that you're of tool either something that you're currently paying for right now that you currently paying for right now that you currently paying for right now that you don't want to have a subscription for don't want to have a subscription for don't want to have a subscription for anymore or just something that doesn't

[13:28] anymore or just something that doesn't anymore or just something that doesn't exist or you want to combine m multiple exist or you want to combine m multiple exist or you want to combine m multiple tools into one like is it something that tools into one like is it something that tools into one like is it something that you just want to use. So, so that that's you just want to use. So, so that that's you just want to use. So, so that that's like one question because another level like one question because another level like one question because another level could be uh for example, yes, it's for could be uh for example, yes, it's for could be uh for example, yes, it's for me, but it's also for example for people me, but it's also for example for people me, but it's also for example for people within my company. So, maybe it's like a within my company. So, maybe it's like a within my company. So, maybe it's like a team thing, a company thing or maybe team thing, a company thing or maybe team thing, a company thing or maybe it's something where you say I want to it's something where you say I want to it's something where you say I want to build something and I want to sell that build something and I want to sell that build something and I want to sell that to other people. So, I want to have this to other people. So, I want to have this to other people. So, I want to have this as like an AI agency offer maybe, right? as like an AI agency offer maybe, right? as like an AI agency offer maybe, right? So, I sell it to other companies or I So, I sell it to other companies or I So, I sell it to other companies or I sell it to other people. Mhm.

[13:58] sell it to other people. Mhm. sell it to other people. Mhm. &gt;&gt; And that could be partly productized &gt;&gt; And that could be partly productized &gt;&gt; And that could be partly productized meaning you build something you package meaning you build something you package meaning you build something you package it and you sell it or it can be partly a it and you sell it or it can be partly a it and you sell it or it can be partly a surface right so there's you build surface right so there's you build surface right so there's you build something but then there's a surface something but then there's a surface something but then there's a surface element to it as well right so you help element to it as well right so you help element to it as well right so you help implement it into businesses this is all implement it into businesses this is all implement it into businesses this is all related to for example like AI related to for example like AI related to for example like AI automation right as you know no single automation right as you know no single automation right as you know no single automation is ever 100% the same so automation is ever 100% the same so automation is ever 100% the same so there's also an a customization there's also an a customization there's also an a customization component to it and then the another component to it and then the another component to it and then the another level is do you want to build like a level is do you want to build like a level is do you want to build like a software product like fully handoff that software product like fully handoff that software product like fully handoff that people can just jump on a subscription.

[14:29] people can just jump on a subscription. people can just jump on a subscription. They can just go to a website, create an They can just go to a website, create an They can just go to a website, create an account, download it, get on a account, download it, get on a account, download it, get on a subscription, and use it. For example, subscription, and use it. For example, subscription, and use it. For example, what we're doing with Glido, right? So, what we're doing with Glido, right? So, what we're doing with Glido, right? So, there's these four different categories there's these four different categories there's these four different categories uh that that your ID could fall into. uh that that your ID could fall into. uh that that your ID could fall into. And why is that important? Because as And why is that important? Because as And why is that important? Because as you progress up that ladder, I say I you progress up that ladder, I say I you progress up that ladder, I say I would I would position it as a ladder. would I would position it as a ladder. would I would position it as a ladder. Um it gets more complex and the stakes Um it gets more complex and the stakes Um it gets more complex and the stakes are bigger. Again, summarize, if you are bigger. Again, summarize, if you are bigger. Again, summarize, if you just build something for you, you use just build something for you, you use just build something for you, you use it. Stakes are very low. Just just go

[15:00] it. Stakes are very low. Just just go it. Stakes are very low. Just just go and build. Just open cloud code and go and build. Just open cloud code and go and build. Just open cloud code and go for it. for it. for it. &gt;&gt; If you use it inside your team, other &gt;&gt; If you use it inside your team, other &gt;&gt; If you use it inside your team, other people use it. It's still considered people use it. It's still considered people use it. It's still considered internal, right? But you may already internal, right? But you may already internal, right? But you may already want to be a little bit more careful want to be a little bit more careful want to be a little bit more careful like who's going to use this? What are like who's going to use this? What are like who's going to use this? What are what kind of like data is going to be in what kind of like data is going to be in what kind of like data is going to be in this application? Now then if you sell this application? Now then if you sell this application? Now then if you sell it to to uh a company there's even like it to to uh a company there's even like it to to uh a company there's even like a legal aspect involved right because a legal aspect involved right because a legal aspect involved right because you probably have a contractor's terms you probably have a contractor's terms you probably have a contractor's terms of service there is certain there are of service there is certain there are of service there is certain there are certain obligations when it comes to certain obligations when it comes to certain obligations when it comes to data privacy and protection so there's a

[15:31] data privacy and protection so there's a data privacy and protection so there's a bigger risk bigger risk bigger risk &gt;&gt; and then the and the other level is the &gt;&gt; and then the and the other level is the &gt;&gt; and then the and the other level is the like when you actually build the like when you actually build the like when you actually build the software product and you let um software product and you let um software product and you let um consumers use it we have the whole idea consumers use it we have the whole idea consumers use it we have the whole idea of data privacy and and personal rights of data privacy and and personal rights of data privacy and and personal rights and all of that when it comes to data so and all of that when it comes to data so and all of that when it comes to data so and and probably more people using it. and and probably more people using it. and and probably more people using it. So just the risk gets bigger. So um So just the risk gets bigger. So um So just the risk gets bigger. So um let's pause there for a second because let's pause there for a second because let's pause there for a second because that that's what I think uh it's good to that that's what I think uh it's good to that that's what I think uh it's good to start there. start there. start there. &gt;&gt; Um so was that all clear? &gt;&gt; Um so was that all clear? &gt;&gt; Um so was that all clear? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it sounds like before you start &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it sounds like before you start &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it sounds like before you start building you want to kind of have an building you want to kind of have an building you want to kind of have an idea of essentially you said how big and

[16:01] idea of essentially you said how big and idea of essentially you said how big and that makes me think like how many how that makes me think like how many how that makes me think like how many how many people will use this? How many many people will use this? How many many people will use this? How many hands will this touch? And would it be hands will this touch? And would it be hands will this touch? And would it be fair to say that a good way to get fair to say that a good way to get fair to say that a good way to get started is you kind of start on that started is you kind of start on that started is you kind of start on that first rung of the ladder where it's like first rung of the ladder where it's like first rung of the ladder where it's like I'm going to build this first just so I I'm going to build this first just so I I'm going to build this first just so I can use it. And that's sort of the way can use it. And that's sort of the way can use it. And that's sort of the way I'm thinking about it. And that doesn't I'm thinking about it. And that doesn't I'm thinking about it. And that doesn't mean that later if I wanted to have my mean that later if I wanted to have my mean that later if I wanted to have my team use it, I couldn't scale up the team use it, I couldn't scale up the team use it, I couldn't scale up the back end because, you know, it sounds back end because, you know, it sounds back end because, you know, it sounds like as you move up the ladder of like as you move up the ladder of like as you move up the ladder of requirements and people, you have to requirements and people, you have to requirements and people, you have to think about other things like the think about other things like the think about other things like the architecture a little bit more and the

[16:31] architecture a little bit more and the architecture a little bit more and the database and just making sure that it database and just making sure that it database and just making sure that it can handle this stuff, the privacy. But can handle this stuff, the privacy. But can handle this stuff, the privacy. But it's totally fine to start off on that it's totally fine to start off on that it's totally fine to start off on that first rung and then when you need to first rung and then when you need to first rung and then when you need to move up, you can start to do that, move up, you can start to do that, move up, you can start to do that, right? It's not like you choose, okay, right? It's not like you choose, okay, right? It's not like you choose, okay, this is going to be a personal tool and this is going to be a personal tool and this is going to be a personal tool and then later, maybe six months later, you then later, maybe six months later, you then later, maybe six months later, you realize you want to scale it up. You're realize you want to scale it up. You're realize you want to scale it up. You're not like stuck, right? You're always not like stuck, right? You're always not like stuck, right? You're always able to continue to move up the ladder. able to continue to move up the ladder. able to continue to move up the ladder. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's a that's a very &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's a that's a very &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's a that's a very good clarification because of course you good clarification because of course you good clarification because of course you can always like make the ambition can always like make the ambition can always like make the ambition bigger, right, of the project. And I bigger, right, of the project. And I bigger, right, of the project. And I think one of the tr uh one thing to think one of the tr uh one thing to think one of the tr uh one thing to watch out for is for example like

[17:02] watch out for is for example like watch out for is for example like skipping levels and being someone for skipping levels and being someone for skipping levels and being someone for example no technical background and example no technical background and example no technical background and jumping straight into building custom jumping straight into building custom jumping straight into building custom software and then selling that to people software and then selling that to people software and then selling that to people and letting companies rely on and letting companies rely on and letting companies rely on [clears throat] it. Right? So there you [clears throat] it. Right? So there you [clears throat] it. Right? So there you skipped a couple of steps in terms of skipped a couple of steps in terms of skipped a couple of steps in terms of like your homework in order to figure like your homework in order to figure like your homework in order to figure out okay what does this look like? What out okay what does this look like? What out okay what does this look like? What does this mean? What data is flowing does this mean? What data is flowing does this mean? What data is flowing through it? So I think that is a a very through it? So I think that is a a very through it? So I think that is a a very like natural way to progress in there like natural way to progress in there like natural way to progress in there because you're totally right. So when we because you're totally right. So when we because you're totally right. So when we make that a little bit more kind of like make that a little bit more kind of like make that a little bit more kind of like tactical as to what's different right tactical as to what's different right tactical as to what's different right there is not much different nowadays in there is not much different nowadays in there is not much different nowadays in terms of the process it is still even

[17:34] terms of the process it is still even terms of the process it is still even for my projects like I don't write a for my projects like I don't write a for my projects like I don't write a single line of code anymore not a single single line of code anymore not a single single line of code anymore not a single so everything goes through nowadays so everything goes through nowadays so everything goes through nowadays either through through codeex or through either through through codeex or through either through through codeex or through cloud code or even through grot cloud code or even through grot cloud code or even through grot depending on kind of like who has the depending on kind of like who has the depending on kind of like who has the best models so everything goes through best models so everything goes through best models so everything goes through the coding agents so that's also the coding agents so that's also the coding agents so that's also interesting like for the audience uh interesting like for the audience uh interesting like for the audience uh watching that I think this is the very watching that I think this is the very watching that I think this is the very first time in history where someone with first time in history where someone with first time in history where someone with zero coding skills and someone who has

[18:04] zero coding skills and someone who has zero coding skills and someone who has been doing this for over a decade use been doing this for over a decade use been doing this for over a decade use the exact same tools and the exact same the exact same tools and the exact same the exact same tools and the exact same process which is quite quite wild to process which is quite quite wild to process which is quite quite wild to think about it right now just like now think about it right now just like now think about it right now just like now that I'm explaining this I'm just like that I'm explaining this I'm just like that I'm explaining this I'm just like making this up but now I think about it making this up but now I think about it making this up but now I think about it it's actually pretty wild because think it's actually pretty wild because think it's actually pretty wild because think about any skill that you would learn about any skill that you would learn about any skill that you would learn right if you just start with, I don't right if you just start with, I don't right if you just start with, I don't know, playing basketball or anything know, playing basketball or anything know, playing basketball or anything like that. You're not going to start at like that. You're not going to start at like that. You're not going to start at like the elite level like your exercises like the elite level like your exercises like the elite level like your exercises and what you do is going to be way and what you do is going to be way and what you do is going to be way different, right? But right now, we all

[18:34] different, right? But right now, we all different, right? But right now, we all start with these same really really start with these same really really start with these same really really great tools that can help us produce great tools that can help us produce great tools that can help us produce code. So the only thing that is like code. So the only thing that is like code. So the only thing that is like different is what instructions do you different is what instructions do you different is what instructions do you give it and how do you review the give it and how do you review the give it and how do you review the output, right? And then that's the output, right? And then that's the output, right? And then that's the skill. That is where like the reps come skill. That is where like the reps come skill. That is where like the reps come in and that's where also the stakes get in and that's where also the stakes get in and that's where also the stakes get bigger and bigger and bigger as you bigger and bigger and bigger as you bigger and bigger and bigger as you start to build software that's used by start to build software that's used by start to build software that's used by by more and more people. But I think by more and more people. But I think by more and more people. But I think that is like very motivating for like that is like very motivating for like that is like very motivating for like people to watch. Like you have these people to watch. Like you have these people to watch. Like you have these tools you can jump on like a $20 tools you can jump on like a $20 tools you can jump on like a $20 subscription. You probably want to get subscription. You probably want to get subscription. You probably want to get to like $100 and $200 otherwise you know

[19:05] to like $100 and $200 otherwise you know to like $100 and $200 otherwise you know you run out. you run out. you run out. &gt;&gt; You'd be sitting there all week like man &gt;&gt; You'd be sitting there all week like man &gt;&gt; You'd be sitting there all week like man when is this reset coming? You probably when is this reset coming? You probably when is this reset coming? You probably want a little bit more, but like that want a little bit more, but like that want a little bit more, but like that for most for most people that is within for most for most people that is within for most for most people that is within reach and from that you can start you reach and from that you can start you reach and from that you can start you can start building and you can start to can start building and you can start to can start building and you can start to build really really cool things and build really really cool things and build really really cool things and &gt;&gt; yeah start building with something that &gt;&gt; yeah start building with something that &gt;&gt; yeah start building with something that you would use that you think is cool and you would use that you think is cool and you would use that you think is cool and then start to make it make it better and then start to make it make it better and then start to make it make it better and then over time um and we can we can get then over time um and we can we can get then over time um and we can we can get into this deeper if if you want to but into this deeper if if you want to but into this deeper if if you want to but there are like for for for the most part

[19:36] there are like for for for the most part there are like for for for the most part VIP coding is totally fine. But there is VIP coding is totally fine. But there is VIP coding is totally fine. But there is one aspect of it that is security where one aspect of it that is security where one aspect of it that is security where you just cannot afford to make the risks you just cannot afford to make the risks you just cannot afford to make the risks because let's say even if you build an because let's say even if you build an because let's say even if you build an application and it's like vibe coded and application and it's like vibe coded and application and it's like vibe coded and the architecture is bad like what's the the architecture is bad like what's the the architecture is bad like what's the worst thing that can happen like people worst thing that can happen like people worst thing that can happen like people will use it and at some point like it will use it and at some point like it will use it and at some point like it will like get a little bit slower or it will like get a little bit slower or it will like get a little bit slower or it will break but you'll notice right will break but you'll notice right will break but you'll notice right you'll start fixing it. So there's you'll start fixing it. So there's you'll start fixing it. So there's nothing really like so like and that is nothing really like so like and that is nothing really like so like and that is something you'll be aware of because something you'll be aware of because something you'll be aware of because people start complaining it's like huh people start complaining it's like huh people start complaining it's like huh maybe maybe we need to revisit that but

[20:07] maybe maybe we need to revisit that but maybe maybe we need to revisit that but like a security a security breach that's like a security a security breach that's like a security a security breach that's one thing that you like cannot take back one thing that you like cannot take back one thing that you like cannot take back out sorry we'll fix it in the next out sorry we'll fix it in the next out sorry we'll fix it in the next version you know like that's that's out version you know like that's that's out version you know like that's that's out once once those emails and that personal once once those emails and that personal once once those emails and that personal data is leaked you can't go back so that data is leaked you can't go back so that data is leaked you can't go back so that is one aspect that uh we could get into is one aspect that uh we could get into is one aspect that uh we could get into that if you if you want to but that is I that if you if you want to but that is I that if you if you want to but that is I think the most important thing as you think the most important thing as you think the most important thing as you level up security level up security level up security &gt;&gt; totally totally and I definitely want to &gt;&gt; totally totally and I definitely want to &gt;&gt; totally totally and I definitely want to get into that and I think we'll just get into that and I think we'll just get into that and I think we'll just kind of keep working our way up here. kind of keep working our way up here. kind of keep working our way up here. That's why I love the ladder analogy That's why I love the ladder analogy That's why I love the ladder analogy because you really do have to earn your because you really do have to earn your because you really do have to earn your way up to the next rung. You can't just way up to the next rung. You can't just way up to the next rung. You can't just jump from the ground to rung four or

[20:38] jump from the ground to rung four or jump from the ground to rung four or you're probably going to fall and you you're probably going to fall and you you're probably going to fall and you you just have to start from the bottom you just have to start from the bottom you just have to start from the bottom again. So again. So again. So &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; it sounds like the first piece is kind &gt;&gt; it sounds like the first piece is kind &gt;&gt; it sounds like the first piece is kind of you figure out how big and you you of you figure out how big and you you of you figure out how big and you you think about high level like how big am I think about high level like how big am I think about high level like how big am I building this and how much risk is there building this and how much risk is there building this and how much risk is there involved? involved? involved? &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; once you kind of have a good idea of &gt;&gt; once you kind of have a good idea of &gt;&gt; once you kind of have a good idea of that, that, that, &gt;&gt; what is the next step to start that &gt;&gt; what is the next step to start that &gt;&gt; what is the next step to start that building process? What does it look like building process? What does it look like building process? What does it look like for you to sort of map this out in your for you to sort of map this out in your for you to sort of map this out in your head to sort of plan out the head to sort of plan out the head to sort of plan out the requirements? How does that process requirements? How does that process requirements? How does that process look? Or if that's not the next step, look? Or if that's not the next step, look? Or if that's not the next step, what is the next step? what is the next step? what is the next step? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that is that is definitely the &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that is that is definitely the &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that is that is definitely the next step. So, uh, when you have this

[21:08] next step. So, uh, when you have this next step. So, uh, when you have this idea and when you want to start just idea and when you want to start just idea and when you want to start just just building, um, what I've observed just building, um, what I've observed just building, um, what I've observed over the, uh, past year, pretty much over the, uh, past year, pretty much over the, uh, past year, pretty much one year ago, one year ago, one year ago, everyone was really like pushing everyone was really like pushing everyone was really like pushing um, spec driven development, the um, spec driven development, the um, spec driven development, the importance of plans, and you can importance of plans, and you can importance of plans, and you can probably remember this, right? Um, and probably remember this, right? Um, and probably remember this, right? Um, and I've just found that as the models get I've just found that as the models get I've just found that as the models get better and better and better and the better and better and better and the better and better and better and the models that we have to right now like

[21:38] models that we have to right now like models that we have to right now like the the planning phase and the the the planning phase and the the the planning phase and the generating the specs becomes like it generating the specs becomes like it generating the specs becomes like it becomes less important I found. becomes less important I found. becomes less important I found. &gt;&gt; So what does that mean spec planning? &gt;&gt; So what does that mean spec planning? &gt;&gt; So what does that mean spec planning? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah. So spec spec different &gt;&gt; Uh yeah. So spec spec different &gt;&gt; Uh yeah. So spec spec different development was is uh refers to kind of development was is uh refers to kind of development was is uh refers to kind of like a way of building software where like a way of building software where like a way of building software where you first use AI not to produce code but you first use AI not to produce code but you first use AI not to produce code but to produce specs and what are specs? to produce specs and what are specs? to produce specs and what are specs? specifications. So you describe how the specifications. So you describe how the specifications. So you describe how the project or the product should work in project or the product should work in project or the product should work in natural language. So you and and you natural language. So you and and you natural language. So you and and you could and you would use AI for this. So

[22:09] could and you would use AI for this. So could and you would use AI for this. So you would pretty much say like I want to you would pretty much say like I want to you would pretty much say like I want to build XYZ, I want to build this and then build XYZ, I want to build this and then build XYZ, I want to build this and then let's create some specifications for let's create some specifications for let's create some specifications for this. So it would say the AI would start this. So it would say the AI would start this. So it would say the AI would start to create a document. Okay, it product to create a document. Okay, it product to create a document. Okay, it product needs to do this, it needs to do that, needs to do this, it needs to do that, needs to do this, it needs to do that, it needs to do that, it needs to do it needs to do that, it needs to do it needs to do that, it needs to do that, etc. And you would create this that, etc. And you would create this that, etc. And you would create this this plan this plan this plan um and the specifications. And then once um and the specifications. And then once um and the specifications. And then once you had all of these documents you had all of these documents you had all of these documents only then you would read those and you only then you would read those and you only then you would read those and you would approve those and then only then would approve those and then only then would approve those and then only then you would like go into uh development you would like go into uh development you would like go into uh development mode and you would actually ask your

[22:40] mode and you would actually ask your mode and you would actually ask your agents to start uh writing the code and agents to start uh writing the code and agents to start uh writing the code and to start building the thing. That was to start building the thing. That was to start building the thing. That was pretty much the meta um one year ago pretty much the meta um one year ago pretty much the meta um one year ago when we just got these like big when we just got these like big when we just got these like big breakthroughs with cloud code open 4.5 breakthroughs with cloud code open 4.5 breakthroughs with cloud code open 4.5 4.6 six, right? Like the good old glory 4.6 six, right? Like the good old glory 4.6 six, right? Like the good old glory days of AI [laughter] AI agents. Um, and days of AI [laughter] AI agents. Um, and days of AI [laughter] AI agents. Um, and now it's just like getting crazier and now it's just like getting crazier and now it's just like getting crazier and crazier. So, um, the thing is there's crazier. So, um, the thing is there's crazier. So, um, the thing is there's still value in that and I don't think still value in that and I don't think still value in that and I don't think it's wrong to go through that process it's wrong to go through that process it's wrong to go through that process even just to help you think about what even just to help you think about what even just to help you think about what it is that you want. But the thing is

[23:12] it is that you want. But the thing is it is that you want. But the thing is what I find myself doing most of the what I find myself doing most of the what I find myself doing most of the time right now, I just like I go time right now, I just like I go time right now, I just like I go straight into building and like I let straight into building and like I let straight into building and like I let the model figure out what it like how it the model figure out what it like how it the model figure out what it like how it should structure things. And there are should structure things. And there are should structure things. And there are of course certain kind of like standards of course certain kind of like standards of course certain kind of like standards that I kind of like steer the model that I kind of like steer the model that I kind of like steer the model towards when I'm for example working towards when I'm for example working towards when I'm for example working with the Python programming language with the Python programming language with the Python programming language just because I've so much experience just because I've so much experience just because I've so much experience with that. But like the summary of this with that. But like the summary of this with that. But like the summary of this it gets easier and easier and easier to it gets easier and easier and easier to it gets easier and easier and easier to just tell it what you want and it will

[23:43] just tell it what you want and it will just tell it what you want and it will start to it will start to build it will start to it will start to build it will start to it will start to build it will start to build it. So coming back to you start to build it. So coming back to you start to build it. So coming back to you started this question. So let's say started this question. So let's say started this question. So let's say people have this idea and what is the people have this idea and what is the people have this idea and what is the next step? I would say right now get on next step? I would say right now get on next step? I would say right now get on codeex, get on cloud code, use GPT6 codeex, get on cloud code, use GPT6 codeex, get on cloud code, use GPT6 Astra or Opus 5.5 which are currently Astra or Opus 5.5 which are currently Astra or Opus 5.5 which are currently like two top frontier models. Opus 5.5 like two top frontier models. Opus 5.5 like two top frontier models. Opus 5.5 really good so far. really good so far. really good so far. &gt;&gt; Super good. &gt;&gt; Super good. &gt;&gt; Super good. &gt;&gt; Super good. And just tell it tell it &gt;&gt; Super good. And just tell it tell it &gt;&gt; Super good. And just tell it tell it what you want to build. what you want to build. what you want to build. &gt;&gt; And and the Yeah. And as as simple as it

[24:16] &gt;&gt; And and the Yeah. And as as simple as it &gt;&gt; And and the Yeah. And as as simple as it sounds for people just starting out, sounds for people just starting out, sounds for people just starting out, there's not much more to it. And then there's not much more to it. And then there's not much more to it. And then you just look at the output and you tell you just look at the output and you tell you just look at the output and you tell it what you like, what you don't like, it what you like, what you don't like, it what you like, what you don't like, and that will already get you really, and that will already get you really, and that will already get you really, really far. really far. really far. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and the cool thing about that &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and the cool thing about that &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and the cool thing about that is that I think humans are really good is that I think humans are really good is that I think humans are really good at explaining what they want. Like, you at explaining what they want. Like, you at explaining what they want. Like, you know, it's easy to say, I want this, I know, it's easy to say, I want this, I know, it's easy to say, I want this, I want this, but you really just have to want this, but you really just have to want this, but you really just have to sort of go through that grill me process sort of go through that grill me process sort of go through that grill me process where you have AI interview you about where you have AI interview you about where you have AI interview you about &gt;&gt; what specifically do you want? What do &gt;&gt; what specifically do you want? What do &gt;&gt; what specifically do you want? What do you not want? What does this look like?

[24:46] you not want? What does this look like? you not want? What does this look like? What is your vision? And I was just What is your vision? And I was just What is your vision? And I was just talking to a few Google engineers and talking to a few Google engineers and talking to a few Google engineers and and they were explaining this as saying and they were explaining this as saying and they were explaining this as saying like like like &gt;&gt; the plumbing, the boring stuff on the &gt;&gt; the plumbing, the boring stuff on the &gt;&gt; the plumbing, the boring stuff on the back end that that we used to have to back end that that we used to have to back end that that we used to have to think about think about think about &gt;&gt; where humans used to have to set that &gt;&gt; where humans used to have to set that &gt;&gt; where humans used to have to set that all up before they could start to be all up before they could start to be all up before they could start to be creative and think about the vision. creative and think about the vision. creative and think about the vision. That plumbing is pretty much just taken That plumbing is pretty much just taken That plumbing is pretty much just taken care of now because you explain what you care of now because you explain what you care of now because you explain what you want and the agents know how to go set want and the agents know how to go set want and the agents know how to go set up all that stuff so that you can really up all that stuff so that you can really up all that stuff so that you can really just they kept calling it intent driven just they kept calling it intent driven just they kept calling it intent driven automation or intent driven engineering automation or intent driven engineering automation or intent driven engineering and I thought that was pretty cool. I and I thought that was pretty cool. I and I thought that was pretty cool. I wanted to see do you agree with that? Do

[25:16] wanted to see do you agree with that? Do wanted to see do you agree with that? Do you agree with that narrative or that you agree with that narrative or that you agree with that narrative or that mindset? mindset? mindset? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. I I really like that. I &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. I I really like that. I &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. I I really like that. I like that term intent driven. And um like that term intent driven. And um like that term intent driven. And um what does it mean? You just tell the what does it mean? You just tell the what does it mean? You just tell the model what you want. Like you you have a model what you want. Like you you have a model what you want. Like you you have a certain intent as a builder, you have an certain intent as a builder, you have an certain intent as a builder, you have an idea and you want to make that a idea and you want to make that a idea and you want to make that a reality. And the thing is often reality. And the thing is often reality. And the thing is often when you start with something even when you start with something even when you start with something even though you might have like though you might have like though you might have like a rough idea of where this thing should a rough idea of where this thing should a rough idea of where this thing should go go go until you actually see it in front of

[25:47] until you actually see it in front of until you actually see it in front of you and use it. Um you and use it. Um you and use it. Um you cannot really give the the best you cannot really give the the best you cannot really give the the best feedback I found. So you can like then feedback I found. So you can like then feedback I found. So you can like then that's why I've moved away from like big that's why I've moved away from like big that's why I've moved away from like big plans and specs and all of that. just plans and specs and all of that. just plans and specs and all of that. just like just just build me this and then I like just just build me this and then I like just just build me this and then I see it and I look at it and I test it see it and I look at it and I test it see it and I look at it and I test it and it's like hm this feels a little bit and it's like hm this feels a little bit and it's like hm this feels a little bit off or can we make that faster or this off or can we make that faster or this off or can we make that faster or this doesn't really look right like whether doesn't really look right like whether doesn't really look right like whether whether it's visual or actual logic whether it's visual or actual logic whether it's visual or actual logic right or the output here is wrong like right or the output here is wrong like right or the output here is wrong like can we fix that right and um that's also

[26:18] can we fix that right and um that's also can we fix that right and um that's also now the pretty much the like the now the pretty much the like the now the pretty much the like the development process with glido the tool development process with glido the tool development process with glido the tool that we're building right now it's that we're building right now it's that we're building right now it's mostly like ideas and then just using mostly like ideas and then just using mostly like ideas and then just using natural language like it's actually fun. natural language like it's actually fun. natural language like it's actually fun. We're using glider to build glider, We're using glider to build glider, We're using glider to build glider, right? So, we use glider to talk to it. right? So, we use glider to talk to it. right? So, we use glider to talk to it. It's like, hey, can you try this, you It's like, hey, can you try this, you It's like, hey, can you try this, you know, like let's build it out. And often know, like let's build it out. And often know, like let's build it out. And often I do that straight on the um like I do that straight on the um like I do that straight on the um like production codebase. I'll do it on a production codebase. I'll do it on a production codebase. I'll do it on a separate branch, right? So, it's not separate branch, right? So, it's not separate branch, right? So, it's not like immediately shipped, but like there like immediately shipped, but like there like immediately shipped, but like there there's there's not even like a

[26:48] there's there's not even like a there's there's not even like a playground. I just create a new branch playground. I just create a new branch playground. I just create a new branch and it's like build it and then I can and it's like build it and then I can and it's like build it and then I can directly see what it looks like in the directly see what it looks like in the directly see what it looks like in the product itself and then I can iterate on product itself and then I can iterate on product itself and then I can iterate on it. And then that's I think uh a perfect it. And then that's I think uh a perfect it. And then that's I think uh a perfect description of like intent driven description of like intent driven description of like intent driven development. You just tell it yeah development. You just tell it yeah development. You just tell it yeah &gt;&gt; what what you want and it will build it. &gt;&gt; what what you want and it will build it. &gt;&gt; what what you want and it will build it. &gt;&gt; By the way guys, I've got this &gt;&gt; By the way guys, I've got this &gt;&gt; By the way guys, I've got this completely free SOP for you about completely free SOP for you about completely free SOP for you about getting your first a automation client. getting your first a automation client. getting your first a automation client. It's going to go over the exact steps It's going to go over the exact steps It's going to go over the exact steps that has been proven for hundreds of our that has been proven for hundreds of our that has been proven for hundreds of our AIS Plus members to get their first paid AIS Plus members to get their first paid AIS Plus members to get their first paid gigs. It goes over the one sentence gigs. It goes over the one sentence gigs. It goes over the one sentence service pitch that can get you started

[27:18] service pitch that can get you started service pitch that can get you started today. Why your first client should cost today. Why your first client should cost today. Why your first client should cost you money. The 5-minute video that you money. The 5-minute video that you money. The 5-minute video that answers can this person actually deliver answers can this person actually deliver answers can this person actually deliver before you've actually received any before you've actually received any before you've actually received any money. what to do when you have zero money. what to do when you have zero money. what to do when you have zero case studies. There's so many good case studies. There's so many good case studies. There's so many good things in here that are going to help things in here that are going to help things in here that are going to help you out. Even if you already do have you out. Even if you already do have you out. Even if you already do have clients, I would recommend grabbing this clients, I would recommend grabbing this clients, I would recommend grabbing this because like I said, it's yours because like I said, it's yours because like I said, it's yours completely free. So, if you want to grab completely free. So, if you want to grab completely free. So, if you want to grab this, there's a link for it down in the this, there's a link for it down in the this, there's a link for it down in the description. Let's get back to the description. Let's get back to the description. Let's get back to the video. That's so cool. It It's really video. That's so cool. It It's really video. That's so cool. It It's really interesting how you kind of pointed out interesting how you kind of pointed out interesting how you kind of pointed out how the meta a year ago was doing all how the meta a year ago was doing all how the meta a year ago was doing all this kind of planning, but now you say

[27:48] this kind of planning, but now you say this kind of planning, but now you say you're you're you're kind of building you're you're you're kind of building you're you're you're kind of building first more and then really just getting first more and then really just getting first more and then really just getting it in your hands and playing around with it in your hands and playing around with it in your hands and playing around with it. I remember when I used to use plan it. I remember when I used to use plan it. I remember when I used to use plan mode first for everything even not even mode first for everything even not even mode first for everything even not even if I was building automation but I would if I was building automation but I would if I was building automation but I would just use plan mode default just to sort just use plan mode default just to sort just use plan mode default just to sort of brainstorm and it sounds like maybe of brainstorm and it sounds like maybe of brainstorm and it sounds like maybe do you think the models are just getting do you think the models are just getting do you think the models are just getting better and the models and harnesses are better and the models and harnesses are better and the models and harnesses are getting better so that's why the med has getting better so that's why the med has getting better so that's why the med has shifted or shifted or shifted or &gt;&gt; yeah it's just and it's it's for sure &gt;&gt; yeah it's just and it's it's for sure &gt;&gt; yeah it's just and it's it's for sure the combination so that's also important the combination so that's also important the combination so that's also important to um to understand um and I think even to um to understand um and I think even to um to understand um and I think even like people that are actively working on

[28:19] like people that are actively working on like people that are actively working on clawed code on the development I think I clawed code on the development I think I clawed code on the development I think I even saw this on X like entropic even saw this on X like entropic even saw this on X like entropic engineers mentioning this as well that engineers mentioning this as well that engineers mentioning this as well that plan mode is not even really needed plan mode is not even really needed plan mode is not even really needed anymore because yes like models get anymore because yes like models get anymore because yes like models get better but um it is essentially also better but um it is essentially also better but um it is essentially also within the harness because what what within the harness because what what within the harness because what what what is really a plan right it is first what is really a plan right it is first what is really a plan right it is first &gt;&gt; essentially getting you give it you &gt;&gt; essentially getting you give it you &gt;&gt; essentially getting you give it you always start with a goal or a task I always start with a goal or a task I always start with a goal or a task I want to build this and then before it want to build this and then before it want to build this and then before it would help the model to first plan out would help the model to first plan out would help the model to first plan out so be before just getting into like uh

[28:51] so be before just getting into like uh so be before just getting into like uh code generation code generation code generation it would first like zoom out a little it would first like zoom out a little it would first like zoom out a little bit. Okay, let's just first reason over bit. Okay, let's just first reason over bit. Okay, let's just first reason over this like let's see if everything makes this like let's see if everything makes this like let's see if everything makes sense and then once we have the plan I sense and then once we have the plan I sense and then once we have the plan I can now execute on of it and it feels can now execute on of it and it feels can now execute on of it and it feels like um the engineers working at OpenAI like um the engineers working at OpenAI like um the engineers working at OpenAI and Tropic is essentially by making and Tropic is essentially by making and Tropic is essentially by making those models and the harnesses better those models and the harnesses better those models and the harnesses better and more capable they just merge this and more capable they just merge this and more capable they just merge this process as like a trait that the model process as like a trait that the model process as like a trait that the model and the harness combination already have and the harness combination already have and the harness combination already have without like turning the plan mode on H

[29:24] without like turning the plan mode on H without like turning the plan mode on H that makes sense. So now let's say we that makes sense. So now let's say we that makes sense. So now let's say we have started to throw in some of the I have started to throw in some of the I have started to throw in some of the I want statements and now we're getting want statements and now we're getting want statements and now we're getting some stuff back. some stuff back. some stuff back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; In automation, &gt;&gt; In automation, &gt;&gt; In automation, &gt;&gt; you know, we run a lot of evals and we &gt;&gt; you know, we run a lot of evals and we &gt;&gt; you know, we run a lot of evals and we see, okay, cool. We have this, you know, see, okay, cool. We have this, you know, see, okay, cool. We have this, you know, we have these inputs, we have these we have these inputs, we have these we have these inputs, we have these outputs, this is, you know, 90% correct. outputs, this is, you know, 90% correct. outputs, this is, you know, 90% correct. Let's make some iterations and and see Let's make some iterations and and see Let's make some iterations and and see if we can get this to like 98 99. How do if we can get this to like 98 99. How do if we can get this to like 98 99. How do you think about from a, you know, an app you think about from a, you know, an app you think about from a, you know, an app perspective or a software perspective perspective or a software perspective perspective or a software perspective essentially the eval process? What does essentially the eval process? What does essentially the eval process? What does it look like to verify? What does it

[29:54] it look like to verify? What does it it look like to verify? What does it look like to see if the things actually look like to see if the things actually look like to see if the things actually work rather than just assuming it does work rather than just assuming it does work rather than just assuming it does or having you, you know, go in there and or having you, you know, go in there and or having you, you know, go in there and click through a few times? click through a few times? click through a few times? &gt;&gt; Yeah. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Yeah. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Yeah. [snorts] So, So, So, this all this of course depends very this all this of course depends very this all this of course depends very much on what you're uh building, of much on what you're uh building, of much on what you're uh building, of course, because uh output quality. So, course, because uh output quality. So, course, because uh output quality. So, what what does good look like is always what what does good look like is always what what does good look like is always tied to the application that you're tied to the application that you're tied to the application that you're building, right? So, let's building, right? So, let's building, right? So, let's [clears throat] talk about glido. What [clears throat] talk about glido. What [clears throat] talk about glido. What does good look like? Well, um, Glido

[30:25] does good look like? Well, um, Glido does good look like? Well, um, Glido works well. If you press a button, works well. If you press a button, works well. If you press a button, people can talk. That will be processed people can talk. That will be processed people can talk. That will be processed in under 500 milliseconds and the text in under 500 milliseconds and the text in under 500 milliseconds and the text will be pasted back into your will be pasted back into your will be pasted back into your application like exactly the way you application like exactly the way you application like exactly the way you wanted to see there, ready to paste wanted to see there, ready to paste wanted to see there, ready to paste text. So, it will correct some errors text. So, it will correct some errors text. So, it will correct some errors and all of that while leaving generally and all of that while leaving generally and all of that while leaving generally most of your speech intact. Like that's most of your speech intact. Like that's most of your speech intact. Like that's what people want from a dictation app. what people want from a dictation app. what people want from a dictation app. So it starts with that getting clear on So it starts with that getting clear on So it starts with that getting clear on what does good look like. what does good look like. what does good look like. Then the second question is can we find

[30:56] Then the second question is can we find Then the second question is can we find examples of that? Can we find examples examples of that? Can we find examples examples of that? Can we find examples of cases uh where it went well? And in of cases uh where it went well? And in of cases uh where it went well? And in glido for example uh we don't use user glido for example uh we don't use user glido for example uh we don't use user data because we like really designed data because we like really designed data because we like really designed this application to be private by design this application to be private by design this application to be private by design but we use the data of uh uh our uh our but we use the data of uh uh our uh our but we use the data of uh uh our uh our accounts internally meaning the accounts internally meaning the accounts internally meaning the developers that work on glido right so developers that work on glido right so developers that work on glido right so we use our own kind of like data sets we use our own kind of like data sets we use our own kind of like data sets that we collect we have a bunch of that we collect we have a bunch of that we collect we have a bunch of people so that data set then also grows people so that data set then also grows people so that data set then also grows and in there we can run these

[31:27] and in there we can run these and in there we can run these experiments so we have data sets in experiments so we have data sets in experiments so we have data sets in there like when we put this into our there like when we put this into our there like when we put this into our system we expect this to come out and system we expect this to come out and system we expect this to come out and and that essentially then becomes and that essentially then becomes and that essentially then becomes becomes an epha, right? Uh that you can becomes an epha, right? Uh that you can becomes an epha, right? Uh that you can run and that you can check against. run and that you can check against. run and that you can check against. &gt;&gt; Uh the cool thing is that as models and &gt;&gt; Uh the cool thing is that as models and &gt;&gt; Uh the cool thing is that as models and harnesses get better and capable, harnesses get better and capable, harnesses get better and capable, &gt;&gt; whenever you have some data and when you &gt;&gt; whenever you have some data and when you &gt;&gt; whenever you have some data and when you don't have some data, you can even ask don't have some data, you can even ask don't have some data, you can even ask the model to generate some realistic the model to generate some realistic the model to generate some realistic data for your use case. And again, data for your use case. And again, data for your use case. And again, whatever you're building, whether that's

[31:57] whatever you're building, whether that's whatever you're building, whether that's a chatbot, an automation of any sort. a chatbot, an automation of any sort. a chatbot, an automation of any sort. And once you give these models an And once you give these models an And once you give these models an objective in terms of like here's what I objective in terms of like here's what I objective in terms of like here's what I want this to look like. Here's what I want this to look like. Here's what I want this to look like. Here's what I want you to improve on. I want it to be want you to improve on. I want it to be want you to improve on. I want it to be faster. I want it to look more like faster. I want it to look more like faster. I want it to look more like this. I want it to be better. I want to this. I want it to be better. I want to this. I want it to be better. I want to have less errors. Once you give that and have less errors. Once you give that and have less errors. Once you give that and let that run in a loop and that pretty let that run in a loop and that pretty let that run in a loop and that pretty much means you tell it to go and improve much means you tell it to go and improve much means you tell it to go and improve it. Use the data, generate more if it. Use the data, generate more if it. Use the data, generate more if needed, do research, use sub agents, run needed, do research, use sub agents, run needed, do research, use sub agents, run this in the loop until it gets better.

[32:27] this in the loop until it gets better. this in the loop until it gets better. like it's a very messy prompt, but even like it's a very messy prompt, but even like it's a very messy prompt, but even just saying giving that prompt to a just saying giving that prompt to a just saying giving that prompt to a model like Opus 5.5 given the thing that model like Opus 5.5 given the thing that model like Opus 5.5 given the thing that you're building will kick off this like you're building will kick off this like you're building will kick off this like research experiment well where it will research experiment well where it will research experiment well where it will go on it and we'll try to find ways to go on it and we'll try to find ways to go on it and we'll try to find ways to to make it better. So what we find over to make it better. So what we find over to make it better. So what we find over and over again is like the better models and over again is like the better models and over again is like the better models and harnesses get, the easier all the and harnesses get, the easier all the and harnesses get, the easier all the things that we have to do as developers things that we have to do as developers things that we have to do as developers get. planning, spec different

[32:57] get. planning, spec different get. planning, spec different development, quality assurance, development, quality assurance, development, quality assurance, debugging, security, evaluations, debugging, security, evaluations, debugging, security, evaluations, you know, all of these things also get you know, all of these things also get you know, all of these things also get easier as the models get better. So, I easier as the models get better. So, I easier as the models get better. So, I think that's a really interesting uh think that's a really interesting uh think that's a really interesting uh property that that I found uh and also property that that I found uh and also property that that I found uh and also just something that you need to be aware just something that you need to be aware just something that you need to be aware of because you do need to ask the model, of because you do need to ask the model, of because you do need to ask the model, right? So, you do need to be aware of right? So, you do need to be aware of right? So, you do need to be aware of like what are Eiles? How can I set up a like what are Eiles? How can I set up a like what are Eiles? How can I set up a loop in order to make my application loop in order to make my application loop in order to make my application better? So just that realization better? So just that realization better? So just that realization &gt;&gt; and asking [clears throat] it

[33:27] &gt;&gt; and asking [clears throat] it &gt;&gt; and asking [clears throat] it &gt;&gt; is is the right starting point. &gt;&gt; is is the right starting point. &gt;&gt; is is the right starting point. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it sounds like &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it sounds like &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it sounds like defining what does good look like and defining what does good look like and defining what does good look like and that's something that you would do with that's something that you would do with that's something that you would do with a human as well. You know, you're a human as well. You know, you're a human as well. You know, you're setting the expectations of what do you setting the expectations of what do you setting the expectations of what do you want? Because if you don't align with a want? Because if you don't align with a want? Because if you don't align with a human or an agent on what you're looking human or an agent on what you're looking human or an agent on what you're looking for, then when it comes back with for, then when it comes back with for, then when it comes back with something that isn't aligned, it's maybe something that isn't aligned, it's maybe something that isn't aligned, it's maybe not that it failed. Maybe it's just that not that it failed. Maybe it's just that not that it failed. Maybe it's just that you didn't you weren't clear enough on you didn't you weren't clear enough on you didn't you weren't clear enough on that. Yeah. that. Yeah. that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then from there, &gt;&gt; And then from there, &gt;&gt; And then from there, &gt;&gt; giving it a way to essentially verify

[33:57] &gt;&gt; giving it a way to essentially verify &gt;&gt; giving it a way to essentially verify that, you know, whether that's you that, you know, whether that's you that, you know, whether that's you verifying or or the agent verifying. I verifying or or the agent verifying. I verifying or or the agent verifying. I think kind of a combination of both. But think kind of a combination of both. But think kind of a combination of both. But &gt;&gt; what is good? Here's how you verify it. &gt;&gt; what is good? Here's how you verify it. &gt;&gt; what is good? Here's how you verify it. &gt;&gt; And &gt;&gt; And &gt;&gt; And um what you were saying about this whole um what you were saying about this whole um what you were saying about this whole like loop, it made me think of when like loop, it made me think of when like loop, it made me think of when Carpathy's like auto research came out. Carpathy's like auto research came out. Carpathy's like auto research came out. And I think that's when I remember And I think that's when I remember And I think that's when I remember having this big moment of like, wow, having this big moment of like, wow, having this big moment of like, wow, like agents can actually like agents can actually like agents can actually &gt;&gt; see their goal, prove it, and then keep &gt;&gt; see their goal, prove it, and then keep &gt;&gt; see their goal, prove it, and then keep researching and keep trying again until researching and keep trying again until researching and keep trying again until they hit it. And I thought that was they hit it. And I thought that was they hit it. And I thought that was incredible. Now, I've got an interesting incredible. Now, I've got an interesting incredible. Now, I've got an interesting one for you to kind of stem off that, one for you to kind of stem off that, one for you to kind of stem off that, which is a lot of the best auto research

[34:28] which is a lot of the best auto research which is a lot of the best auto research or goal prompts or loops are when you or goal prompts or loops are when you or goal prompts or loops are when you have an objective milestone to make them have an objective milestone to make them have an objective milestone to make them hit. hit. hit. &gt;&gt; What about how do you think about it if &gt;&gt; What about how do you think about it if &gt;&gt; What about how do you think about it if it's subjective? If it is something it's subjective? If it is something it's subjective? If it is something that's more like taste or, you know, if that's more like taste or, you know, if that's more like taste or, you know, if the definition of good isn't something the definition of good isn't something the definition of good isn't something that can be objectively proven. that can be objectively proven. that can be objectively proven. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, that's very true. Whenever you &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, that's very true. Whenever you &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, that's very true. Whenever you have something that's very easy like have something that's very easy like have something that's very easy like it's either good or bad but because you it's either good or bad but because you it's either good or bad but because you have a data set with examples those are have a data set with examples those are have a data set with examples those are the best scenarios or making things the best scenarios or making things the best scenarios or making things faster right so for glido we also have a faster right so for glido we also have a faster right so for glido we also have a lot of infrastructure that we need to

[34:59] lot of infrastructure that we need to lot of infrastructure that we need to manage uh models that we deploy um and manage uh models that we deploy um and manage uh models that we deploy um and there also code code and architecture there also code code and architecture there also code code and architecture around that if you just give it an around that if you just give it an around that if you just give it an objective like hey here's what we're at objective like hey here's what we're at objective like hey here's what we're at right now in terms of latency you can right now in terms of latency you can right now in terms of latency you can test that by running a test now go make test that by running a test now go make test that by running a test now go make it faster it faster it faster &gt;&gt; you know super clear because every time &gt;&gt; you know super clear because every time &gt;&gt; you know super clear because every time it runs an iteration, it can see am I it runs an iteration, it can see am I it runs an iteration, it can see am I above or below? Am I going to in the above or below? Am I going to in the above or below? Am I going to in the right direction? So, what if you have a right direction? So, what if you have a right direction? So, what if you have a use case that doesn't have this? And uh use case that doesn't have this? And uh use case that doesn't have this? And uh let's think about an example of this to

[35:30] let's think about an example of this to let's think about an example of this to uh make it a little bit more tangible. uh make it a little bit more tangible. uh make it a little bit more tangible. So, So, So, &gt;&gt; my most common is like video editing and &gt;&gt; my most common is like video editing and &gt;&gt; my most common is like video editing and I want it to like I'm saying like yeah, I want it to like I'm saying like yeah, I want it to like I'm saying like yeah, make it feel professional, make it feel make it feel professional, make it feel make it feel professional, make it feel engaging. It's like how does it know? engaging. It's like how does it know? engaging. It's like how does it know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. So &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. So &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. So like that that really is a tricky it's like that that really is a tricky it's like that that really is a tricky it's really a tricky example. I I'll give you really a tricky example. I I'll give you really a tricky example. I I'll give you one more and then I'll also consider one more and then I'll also consider one more and then I'll also consider this one. this one. this one. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Think about this. But um we have for &gt;&gt; Think about this. But um we have for &gt;&gt; Think about this. But um we have for example also done a lot of work in example also done a lot of work in example also done a lot of work in customer support in customer care. And

[36:01] customer support in customer care. And customer support in customer care. And the thing is when a uh customer asks a the thing is when a uh customer asks a the thing is when a uh customer asks a question and the AI agent gives it a question and the AI agent gives it a question and the AI agent gives it a reply, right? reply, right? reply, right? There are hundreds, thousands, probably There are hundreds, thousands, probably There are hundreds, thousands, probably even like millions of different ways even like millions of different ways even like millions of different ways that you could reply to a customer and that you could reply to a customer and that you could reply to a customer and they could all be correct or they could they could all be correct or they could they could all be correct or they could all be wrong because the final goal in all be wrong because the final goal in all be wrong because the final goal in this case is that the customer is happy, this case is that the customer is happy, this case is that the customer is happy, right? So like they got a good reply.

[36:32] right? So like they got a good reply. right? So like they got a good reply. But whether you use a different word, But whether you use a different word, But whether you use a different word, yes or no, that is all um subjective yes or no, that is all um subjective yes or no, that is all um subjective meaning there can be there can be meaning there can be there can be meaning there can be there can be differences. So one of the techniques differences. So one of the techniques differences. So one of the techniques that you can use for that is what you that you can use for that is what you that you can use for that is what you would call an LLM as a judge to run that would call an LLM as a judge to run that would call an LLM as a judge to run that at scale because and how how does this at scale because and how how does this at scale because and how how does this work right so like the um the best way work right so like the um the best way work right so like the um the best way to to check the outputs of your AI to to check the outputs of your AI to to check the outputs of your AI agents when it's subjective uh the best agents when it's subjective uh the best agents when it's subjective uh the best way which is also the most expens

[37:02] way which is also the most expens way which is also the most expens expensive and non-scalable way is you expensive and non-scalable way is you expensive and non-scalable way is you you refle the AI do the work a human refuses it the AI do the work a human refuses it and says this is not good, this is good, and says this is not good, this is good, and says this is not good, this is good, etc. But then what's the point of etc. But then what's the point of etc. But then what's the point of automating it? Because in the case of automating it? Because in the case of automating it? Because in the case of like customer care, if a human needs to like customer care, if a human needs to like customer care, if a human needs to review every ticket, they could probably review every ticket, they could probably review every ticket, they could probably just reply themselves, right? Because just reply themselves, right? Because just reply themselves, right? Because it's probably easier to reply than to it's probably easier to reply than to it's probably easier to reply than to review and give good comments. So that's review and give good comments. So that's review and give good comments. So that's unscalable. But if you do that for a unscalable. But if you do that for a unscalable. But if you do that for a little while, you could create a little

[37:32] little while, you could create a little little while, you could create a little data set around it. when the uh customer data set around it. when the uh customer data set around it. when the uh customer asked this and the AI said that the asked this and the AI said that the asked this and the AI said that the human said this is good yes or no human said this is good yes or no human said this is good yes or no because you know you start to collect because you know you start to collect because you know you start to collect data and then this whole concept of an data and then this whole concept of an data and then this whole concept of an LLM as a judge is you use another LLM as a judge is you use another LLM as a judge is you use another language model so another like language model so another like language model so another like independent language model call or independent language model call or independent language model call or multiple calls or however you want to multiple calls or however you want to multiple calls or however you want to set it up in order to review the output. set it up in order to review the output. set it up in order to review the output. So you let an LLM look at the let's say

[38:04] So you let an LLM look at the let's say So you let an LLM look at the let's say the reply to the customer and you let the reply to the customer and you let the reply to the customer and you let the LLM say is this good yes or no and the LLM say is this good yes or no and the LLM say is this good yes or no and why now the challenge is in the why now the challenge is in the why now the challenge is in the beginning as you know like an LLM might beginning as you know like an LLM might beginning as you know like an LLM might say yes this is good or no this is not say yes this is good or no this is not say yes this is good or no this is not good but how but then how do you know good but how but then how do you know good but how but then how do you know that is good right so you like shift the that is good right so you like shift the that is good right so you like shift the problem from like an LLM that you need problem from like an LLM that you need problem from like an LLM that you need to check to another so there's a little to check to another so there's a little to check to another so there's a little trick for that and that is uh trick for that and that is uh trick for that and that is uh essentially called creating alignment essentially called creating alignment essentially called creating alignment between the human reviewer and the LLM. between the human reviewer and the LLM. between the human reviewer and the LLM. And you can do that by let's say you

[38:34] And you can do that by let's say you And you can do that by let's say you have 100 examples and you let the human have 100 examples and you let the human have 100 examples and you let the human review 100 examples and you you list all review 100 examples and you you list all review 100 examples and you you list all of this. You have an Excel spreadsheet of this. You have an Excel spreadsheet of this. You have an Excel spreadsheet for this whatever. This is like manual for this whatever. This is like manual for this whatever. This is like manual work. Nobody wants to do this. It's work. Nobody wants to do this. It's work. Nobody wants to do this. It's unscalable. But you need to do this unscalable. But you need to do this unscalable. But you need to do this because this is where you can because this is where you can because this is where you can essentially capture the taste. So human essentially capture the taste. So human essentially capture the taste. So human will say I like that. I don't like that. will say I like that. I don't like that. will say I like that. I don't like that. That should be better. And now what you That should be better. And now what you That should be better. And now what you want to do is you let an LLM run over want to do is you let an LLM run over want to do is you let an LLM run over all of that and you see where they where all of that and you see where they where all of that and you see where they where do they agree where do both the human

[39:04] do they agree where do both the human do they agree where do both the human and the LLM say this is good and this is and the LLM say this is good and this is and the LLM say this is good and this is bad and you'll get a score. So you'll bad and you'll get a score. So you'll bad and you'll get a score. So you'll have a percentage. So let's say the have a percentage. So let's say the have a percentage. So let's say the alignment is 80%. Or maybe maybe even alignment is 80%. Or maybe maybe even alignment is 80%. Or maybe maybe even like 50%. So 50% of the time the LLM like 50%. So 50% of the time the LLM like 50%. So 50% of the time the LLM agrees with the human yes or no. This is agrees with the human yes or no. This is agrees with the human yes or no. This is baseline. And now once you have that baseline. And now once you have that baseline. And now once you have that data this is where the interesting thing data this is where the interesting thing data this is where the interesting thing comes in. Now you can use AI again. So comes in. Now you can use AI again. So comes in. Now you can use AI again. So now you can say hey here's human data now you can say hey here's human data now you can say hey here's human data here's LLM data let's optimize the here's LLM data let's optimize the here's LLM data let's optimize the system prompt so we can create more system prompt so we can create more system prompt so we can create more alignment you know now you can do loops alignment you know now you can do loops alignment you know now you can do loops so then the LLM is a judge is it's a

[39:35] so then the LLM is a judge is it's a so then the LLM is a judge is it's a system prompt and a model that's pretty system prompt and a model that's pretty system prompt and a model that's pretty much it and then um if you let an LLM much it and then um if you let an LLM much it and then um if you let an LLM review that like oh yeah I can see the review that like oh yeah I can see the review that like oh yeah I can see the LM things a little bit different about LM things a little bit different about LM things a little bit different about this and this and that and I thought this and this and that and I thought this and this and that and I thought this was good but actually the human this was good but actually the human this was good but actually the human thought this was not correct so I'll thought this was not correct so I'll thought this was not correct so I'll change that in the system pro you run it change that in the system pro you run it change that in the system pro you run it again alignment is at 75 5%. Cool. Let's again alignment is at 75 5%. Cool. Let's again alignment is at 75 5%. Cool. Let's do another round. 80% 90% 95 99%. do another round. 80% 90% 95 99%. do another round. 80% 90% 95 99%. And now if you have a large enough And now if you have a large enough And now if you have a large enough sample size and you do this occasionally sample size and you do this occasionally sample size and you do this occasionally to avoid model drift, you'll have an LLM

[40:08] to avoid model drift, you'll have an LLM to avoid model drift, you'll have an LLM that with two degree of certainty agrees that with two degree of certainty agrees that with two degree of certainty agrees with how a human would review it. That's with how a human would review it. That's with how a human would review it. That's generally how it is done on real world generally how it is done on real world generally how it is done on real world projects. Coming back to your video projects. Coming back to your video projects. Coming back to your video editing example, you would follow a same editing example, you would follow a same editing example, you would follow a same process, process, process, but I would say it's probably even but I would say it's probably even but I would say it's probably even trickier because assessing what good trickier because assessing what good trickier because assessing what good looks like in an edit or an animation or looks like in an edit or an animation or looks like in an edit or an animation or a cut, there are some things that are a cut, there are some things that are a cut, there are some things that are obvious like some you can make an error,

[40:38] obvious like some you can make an error, obvious like some you can make an error, but if like a title has like a certain but if like a title has like a certain but if like a title has like a certain animation animation animation pattern or something like that and you pattern or something like that and you pattern or something like that and you don't really like that, that's tricky. don't really like that, that's tricky. don't really like that, that's tricky. But it's mostly because of the LLM's But it's mostly because of the LLM's But it's mostly because of the LLM's ability to inspect the visuals, ability to inspect the visuals, ability to inspect the visuals, &gt;&gt; right? I think that's what makes it more &gt;&gt; right? I think that's what makes it more &gt;&gt; right? I think that's what makes it more tricky. So, as multimodal capabilities tricky. So, as multimodal capabilities tricky. So, as multimodal capabilities get better, you can apply this exact get better, you can apply this exact get better, you can apply this exact same process even to optimizing and same process even to optimizing and same process even to optimizing and training your video editing agents. training your video editing agents. training your video editing agents. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, I think the interesting

[41:08] &gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, I think the interesting &gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, I think the interesting thing there too is like let's say you thing there too is like let's say you thing there too is like let's say you have worked on refining this LLM as a have worked on refining this LLM as a have worked on refining this LLM as a judge judge judge &gt;&gt; and it's really really good &gt;&gt; and it's really really good &gt;&gt; and it's really really good &gt;&gt; and then if you switch the model it &gt;&gt; and then if you switch the model it &gt;&gt; and then if you switch the model it might not be as good anymore because the might not be as good anymore because the might not be as good anymore because the model might interpret it differently. model might interpret it differently. model might interpret it differently. But what's cool about that is you're But what's cool about that is you're But what's cool about that is you're putting in that time which is a tedious putting in that time which is a tedious putting in that time which is a tedious process because you're essentially process because you're essentially process because you're essentially creating these standards but then you creating these standards but then you creating these standards but then you can use sort of that loop that you know can use sort of that loop that you know can use sort of that loop that you know auto research loop on it to have it auto research loop on it to have it auto research loop on it to have it continuously optimized which I think is continuously optimized which I think is continuously optimized which I think is &gt;&gt; very very cool &gt;&gt; very very cool &gt;&gt; very very cool &gt;&gt; and &gt;&gt; and &gt;&gt; and it's it makes me think of it makes me

[41:40] it's it makes me think of it makes me it's it makes me think of it makes me think of like sports teams. They'll have think of like sports teams. They'll have think of like sports teams. They'll have these scouts that will go out and watch, these scouts that will go out and watch, these scouts that will go out and watch, you know, high school games or college you know, high school games or college you know, high school games or college games or whatever it is. And there are games or whatever it is. And there are games or whatever it is. And there are stats like height, weight, you know, how stats like height, weight, you know, how stats like height, weight, you know, how many times can they bench press 225. many times can they bench press 225. many times can they bench press 225. There's stats like that that are There's stats like that that are There's stats like that that are objective. But then that's also like the objective. But then that's also like the objective. But then that's also like the team trust the scouts opinion to say team trust the scouts opinion to say team trust the scouts opinion to say this person has like this guy has this person has like this guy has this person has like this guy has potential. He's explosive. He has great potential. He's explosive. He has great potential. He's explosive. He has great game sense. Like that's stuff that you game sense. Like that's stuff that you game sense. Like that's stuff that you can't pick up on paper as much. And it's can't pick up on paper as much. And it's can't pick up on paper as much. And it's like how do you get your LLM to have the like how do you get your LLM to have the like how do you get your LLM to have the taste and the judgment of that scout or

[42:10] taste and the judgment of that scout or taste and the judgment of that scout or of you? You know what I mean? And I of you? You know what I mean? And I of you? You know what I mean? And I think that that is think that that is think that that is &gt;&gt; super super cool. Um, now as we &gt;&gt; super super cool. Um, now as we &gt;&gt; super super cool. Um, now as we transition into transition into transition into now we've been running some now we've been running some now we've been running some verification, we have something that we verification, we have something that we verification, we have something that we trust that's working. What if we want to trust that's working. What if we want to trust that's working. What if we want to turn this from a oneperson app or a team turn this from a oneperson app or a team turn this from a oneperson app or a team app, what if we really want to scale it? app, what if we really want to scale it? app, what if we really want to scale it? Like what are the things that you start Like what are the things that you start Like what are the things that you start thinking about? Um, and we don't have to thinking about? Um, and we don't have to thinking about? Um, and we don't have to get super super technical, but what are get super super technical, but what are get super super technical, but what are the high level things you start thinking the high level things you start thinking the high level things you start thinking about around about around about around infrastructure, databases, security, infrastructure, databases, security, infrastructure, databases, security, that sort of things. And then if you

[42:40] that sort of things. And then if you that sort of things. And then if you have any like examples of maybe have any like examples of maybe have any like examples of maybe landmines that you've stepped on when landmines that you've stepped on when landmines that you've stepped on when trying to scale something, trying to scale something, trying to scale something, &gt;&gt; that'd be super interesting. &gt;&gt; that'd be super interesting. &gt;&gt; that'd be super interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's dive into it. This is my uh &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's dive into it. This is my uh &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's dive into it. This is my uh this is my fun zone pretty much. this is my fun zone pretty much. this is my fun zone pretty much. [laughter] I like it. So um let's indeed [laughter] I like it. So um let's indeed [laughter] I like it. So um let's indeed make it a little bit more like tact make it a little bit more like tact make it a little bit more like tact tactical and therefore also technical tactical and therefore also technical tactical and therefore also technical for the audience because up until this for the audience because up until this for the audience because up until this point also my um recommendations for point also my um recommendations for point also my um recommendations for people may have been quite obvious. Just people may have been quite obvious. Just people may have been quite obvious. Just use cloud code, right? Just ask the use cloud code, right? Just ask the use cloud code, right? Just ask the model, bro. And the funny thing is um

[43:11] model, bro. And the funny thing is um model, bro. And the funny thing is um that's true. That's what you should do. that's true. That's what you should do. that's true. That's what you should do. But there is still a part when you But there is still a part when you But there is still a part when you really want to take things to the next really want to take things to the next really want to take things to the next level where um it is very worthwhile to level where um it is very worthwhile to level where um it is very worthwhile to like train yourself and to get a better like train yourself and to get a better like train yourself and to get a better understanding of how software works. And understanding of how software works. And understanding of how software works. And I keep coming down to describing that as I keep coming down to describing that as I keep coming down to describing that as just the highlevel architecture just the highlevel architecture just the highlevel architecture of your application and the software of your application and the software of your application and the software that you're building. that you're building. that you're building. And there are two distinctions between

[43:41] And there are two distinctions between And there are two distinctions between that. And this is very worthwhile to that. And this is very worthwhile to that. And this is very worthwhile to like research a little bit what I'm like research a little bit what I'm like research a little bit what I'm about to say. So this could even be you about to say. So this could even be you about to say. So this could even be you with like codeex with with cloud like with like codeex with with cloud like with like codeex with with cloud like spend some time asking the the the spend some time asking the the the spend some time asking the the the following terms that I'm going to following terms that I'm going to following terms that I'm going to mention. So architecture first of all we mention. So architecture first of all we mention. So architecture first of all we have it at uh what I call the system have it at uh what I call the system have it at uh what I call the system level. And this means how do all of the level. And this means how do all of the level. And this means how do all of the individual components like your back individual components like your back individual components like your back end, your front end, and your database end, your front end, and your database end, your front end, and your database and potentially even other services, how

[44:11] and potentially even other services, how and potentially even other services, how do they talk together? Because most do they talk together? Because most do they talk together? Because most software products software products software products are a combination of those things, are a combination of those things, are a combination of those things, right? And it's very it's very important right? And it's very it's very important right? And it's very it's very important to understand what the role is of each to understand what the role is of each to understand what the role is of each and every one of those how they and every one of those how they and every one of those how they communicate to each other and what are communicate to each other and what are communicate to each other and what are some of like the traits the unique some of like the traits the unique some of like the traits the unique things and also the things that you need things and also the things that you need things and also the things that you need to care about when it comes to those to care about when it comes to those to care about when it comes to those individual things. Right? So this individual things. Right? So this individual things. Right? So this depends heavily on first of all what are

[44:41] depends heavily on first of all what are depends heavily on first of all what are you building? Are you building a web you building? Are you building a web you building? Are you building a web application, a desktop application, a application, a desktop application, a application, a desktop application, a mobile application? uh something that mobile application? uh something that mobile application? uh something that combines all of those. So it depends. It combines all of those. So it depends. It combines all of those. So it depends. It also depends on what language do you also depends on what language do you also depends on what language do you use. Do you for example use languages use. Do you for example use languages use. Do you for example use languages where you have a very clear separation where you have a very clear separation where you have a very clear separation between your back end let's say that is between your back end let's say that is between your back end let's say that is built in Python for example or in Rust built in Python for example or in Rust built in Python for example or in Rust or in C and do you have a front-end or in C and do you have a front-end or in C and do you have a front-end application so the visual layer that is

[45:12] application so the visual layer that is application so the visual layer that is maybe in JavaScript you're using Nex.js maybe in JavaScript you're using Nex.js maybe in JavaScript you're using Nex.js JS. So then you have usually like JS. So then you have usually like JS. So then you have usually like completely different code bases. Now you completely different code bases. Now you completely different code bases. Now you can also have projects that for example can also have projects that for example can also have projects that for example just work in one stack. So you do just work in one stack. So you do just work in one stack. So you do everything in TypeScript for example. So everything in TypeScript for example. So everything in TypeScript for example. So TypeScript that whole project it is your TypeScript that whole project it is your TypeScript that whole project it is your back end and it is also your um like back end and it is also your um like back end and it is also your um like your front end your visual component to your front end your visual component to your front end your visual component to that. So those are all things that that. So those are all things that that. So those are all things that matter based on what you're building. So matter based on what you're building. So matter based on what you're building. So now that you get a little bit more now that you get a little bit more now that you get a little bit more serious, that is a good like first

[45:42] serious, that is a good like first serious, that is a good like first question to ask your AI agents. Hey, I'm question to ask your AI agents. Hey, I'm question to ask your AI agents. Hey, I'm building XYC. building XYC. building XYC. What would be the best stack? And then What would be the best stack? And then What would be the best stack? And then stack is the important word here. What stack is the important word here. What stack is the important word here. What would be the best stack in order to would be the best stack in order to would be the best stack in order to build this? Do I need a separate back build this? Do I need a separate back build this? Do I need a separate back end and a front end? What kind of end and a front end? What kind of end and a front end? What kind of database should I use? Can I put database should I use? Can I put database should I use? Can I put everything together? So those are then everything together? So those are then everything together? So those are then questions that you can go through and it questions that you can go through and it questions that you can go through and it will give you examples and you can just will give you examples and you can just will give you examples and you can just ask like hey what does that mean? What's ask like hey what does that mean? What's ask like hey what does that mean? What's the simplest solution? what fits the the simplest solution? what fits the the simplest solution? what fits the best for kind of like what I'm building

[46:12] best for kind of like what I'm building best for kind of like what I'm building and because that is a really important and because that is a really important and because that is a really important starting range because once you log in starting range because once you log in starting range because once you log in on a on a programming language like on a on a programming language like on a on a programming language like within the language itself you can do a within the language itself you can do a within the language itself you can do a lot right you can scale up you can scale lot right you can scale up you can scale lot right you can scale up you can scale down you can refactor you can build but down you can refactor you can build but down you can refactor you can build but switching a project to a different switching a project to a different switching a project to a different language even though with coding agent language even though with coding agent language even though with coding agent it becomes easier and easier and easier it becomes easier and easier and easier it becomes easier and easier and easier that is usually not a trade that you that is usually not a trade that you that is usually not a trade that you that you want to make right we had to do that you want to make right we had to do that you want to make right we had to do it with glido at some point um it was a it with glido at some point um it was a it with glido at some point um it was a lot of like we started out on a lot of like we started out on a lot of like we started out on a different stack than what we use right

[46:42] different stack than what we use right different stack than what we use right now because in the beginning we didn't now because in the beginning we didn't now because in the beginning we didn't do our research properly. It was also a do our research properly. It was also a do our research properly. It was also a little bit because of team structure. We little bit because of team structure. We little bit because of team structure. We had someone working on that and the had someone working on that and the had someone working on that and the other one working on that and then we other one working on that and then we other one working on that and then we decided to go in a direction and then decided to go in a direction and then decided to go in a direction and then later we figured out later we figured out later we figured out &gt;&gt; um we need to do this differently. So &gt;&gt; um we need to do this differently. So &gt;&gt; um we need to do this differently. So that's that's a landmine that uh that I that's that's a landmine that uh that I that's that's a landmine that uh that I that that we stepped on. it was choosing that that we stepped on. it was choosing that that we stepped on. it was choosing the kind of like things we're we're the kind of like things we're we're the kind of like things we're we're familiar with rather than picking uh the familiar with rather than picking uh the familiar with rather than picking uh the tool or the stack that was really like tool or the stack that was really like tool or the stack that was really like most optimized for what we eventually

[47:13] most optimized for what we eventually most optimized for what we eventually wanted to build. And in the past wanted to build. And in the past wanted to build. And in the past um this would pretty much have not been um this would pretty much have not been um this would pretty much have not been possible. So if you are comfortable with possible. So if you are comfortable with possible. So if you are comfortable with a with a stack, you've been developing a with a stack, you've been developing a with a stack, you've been developing that for 10 years, you most likely want that for 10 years, you most likely want that for 10 years, you most likely want to use that, right? But I think that now to use that, right? But I think that now to use that, right? But I think that now changes. You could now very well say, changes. You could now very well say, changes. You could now very well say, "I'm confident with that stack, but "I'm confident with that stack, but "I'm confident with that stack, but there is there's evidence there's there is there's evidence there's there is there's evidence there's actually evidence that this stack is way actually evidence that this stack is way actually evidence that this stack is way better for what we're trying to do. better for what we're trying to do. better for what we're trying to do. Let's let's go with that stack." So, Let's let's go with that stack." So, Let's let's go with that stack." So, architecture at the system level, architecture at the system level, architecture at the system level, backend, front end, database, how does

[47:44] backend, front end, database, how does backend, front end, database, how does everything talk to each other? Then you everything talk to each other? Then you everything talk to each other? Then you also have architecture at like the also have architecture at like the also have architecture at like the project level. So, this is when you go project level. So, this is when you go project level. So, this is when you go inside, let's say, your GitHub inside, let's say, your GitHub inside, let's say, your GitHub repository and how you structure your repository and how you structure your repository and how you structure your projects in there. This is less projects in there. This is less projects in there. This is less important than the higher level system important than the higher level system important than the higher level system architecture, but it's still important architecture, but it's still important architecture, but it's still important to have like a rough understanding of to have like a rough understanding of to have like a rough understanding of how do you structure projects in terms how do you structure projects in terms how do you structure projects in terms of files and folders. So, what do you of files and folders. So, what do you of files and folders. So, what do you put in there? And how do you structure put in there? And how do you structure put in there? And how do you structure your code in terms of functions,

[48:15] your code in terms of functions, your code in terms of functions, classes, and modules that you create? So classes, and modules that you create? So classes, and modules that you create? So when you're creating code and these when you're creating code and these when you're creating code and these agents get better at it every month, but agents get better at it every month, but agents get better at it every month, but you can still have these like spaghetti you can still have these like spaghetti you can still have these like spaghetti code bases. You know, you build code bases. You know, you build code bases. You know, you build something here, then you build something something here, then you build something something here, then you build something there, then you build something there. there, then you build something there. there, then you build something there. And this uh can happen quite quickly And this uh can happen quite quickly And this uh can happen quite quickly when you are vibe coding and you go from when you are vibe coding and you go from when you are vibe coding and you go from idea to idea to idea and you experiment idea to idea to idea and you experiment idea to idea to idea and you experiment a lot, which is a new way of building, a lot, which is a new way of building, a lot, which is a new way of building, right? You just ask it to build right? You just ask it to build right? You just ask it to build something and it might build something. something and it might build something. something and it might build something. Now you have this artifact in there. Now you have this artifact in there. Now you have this artifact in there. &gt;&gt; Then you decide, let's leave it there. I

[48:47] &gt;&gt; Then you decide, let's leave it there. I &gt;&gt; Then you decide, let's leave it there. I don't really like it. let's come back to don't really like it. let's come back to don't really like it. let's come back to it later. You build something else. You it later. You build something else. You it later. You build something else. You forget about it, you know. So now you forget about it, you know. So now you forget about it, you know. So now you have this mess. You have this junk have this mess. You have this junk have this mess. You have this junk sitting in there and that might have sitting in there and that might have sitting in there and that might have &gt;&gt; some logic in there which you still &gt;&gt; some logic in there which you still &gt;&gt; some logic in there which you still really use and which you still really really use and which you still really really use and which you still really need, but it's got all of this bloat need, but it's got all of this bloat need, but it's got all of this bloat around it that was just a test feature around it that was just a test feature around it that was just a test feature that you wanted to build. Now you start that you wanted to build. Now you start that you wanted to build. Now you start to build on top of that and you create to build on top of that and you create to build on top of that and you create these new features. It's all great, but these new features. It's all great, but these new features. It's all great, but they still depend on this kind of like they still depend on this kind of like they still depend on this kind of like messy little part that's really deep way messy little part that's really deep way messy little part that's really deep way into your codebase. So this is how you into your codebase. So this is how you into your codebase. So this is how you get spaghetti code codebase, right? So

[49:18] get spaghetti code codebase, right? So get spaghetti code codebase, right? So over time it gets harder for your AI over time it gets harder for your AI over time it gets harder for your AI agents to manage and to find where where agents to manage and to find where where agents to manage and to find where where everything is. And this is where you everything is. And this is where you everything is. And this is where you you'll run into bugs at scale. So all of you'll run into bugs at scale. So all of you'll run into bugs at scale. So all of a sudden things stop working, right? It a sudden things stop working, right? It a sudden things stop working, right? It it worked fine for 3 months and then all it worked fine for 3 months and then all it worked fine for 3 months and then all of a sudden of a sudden of a sudden &gt;&gt; things don't work anymore. And it's &gt;&gt; things don't work anymore. And it's &gt;&gt; things don't work anymore. And it's because you removed the feature that was because you removed the feature that was because you removed the feature that was &gt;&gt; not no longer needed, but it contained a &gt;&gt; not no longer needed, but it contained a &gt;&gt; not no longer needed, but it contained a little part that you actually still little part that you actually still little part that you actually still needed. So needed. So needed. So &gt;&gt; understanding how that works at a high &gt;&gt; understanding how that works at a high &gt;&gt; understanding how that works at a high level is level is level is &gt;&gt; very valuable to do. And I'm going to

[49:49] &gt;&gt; very valuable to do. And I'm going to &gt;&gt; very valuable to do. And I'm going to give people like one tip to look into. give people like one tip to look into. give people like one tip to look into. There's a really good skill for this and There's a really good skill for this and There's a really good skill for this and it's called um I think it was recently it's called um I think it was recently it's called um I think it was recently changed but it's from Matt BCO. So this changed but it's from Matt BCO. So this changed but it's from Matt BCO. So this is like he's famous for his skills, is like he's famous for his skills, is like he's famous for his skills, right? right? right? &gt;&gt; Great engineering skills. &gt;&gt; Great engineering skills. &gt;&gt; Great engineering skills. &gt;&gt; Yeah, great great engineering skills. &gt;&gt; Yeah, great great engineering skills. &gt;&gt; Yeah, great great engineering skills. So, it used to be called improve So, it used to be called improve So, it used to be called improve codebased architecture, but I think he codebased architecture, but I think he codebased architecture, but I think he refactored that a little bit to I think refactored that a little bit to I think refactored that a little bit to I think codebased design or something like that. codebased design or something like that. codebased design or something like that. But if you But if you But if you &gt;&gt; we'll find it, we'll link it in the &gt;&gt; we'll find it, we'll link it in the &gt;&gt; we'll find it, we'll link it in the description. description. description. &gt;&gt; Yeah, if you search for Matt PCO and &gt;&gt; Yeah, if you search for Matt PCO and &gt;&gt; Yeah, if you search for Matt PCO and then find some of his skills where he then find some of his skills where he then find some of his skills where he talks about uh improving architecture

[50:21] talks about uh improving architecture talks about uh improving architecture about how to create deep modules and about how to create deep modules and about how to create deep modules and locality and how to work with with the locality and how to work with with the locality and how to work with with the seams. That is a skill that I very often seams. That is a skill that I very often seams. That is a skill that I very often uh use to review my code bases and that uh use to review my code bases and that uh use to review my code bases and that uh he even like mentioned that he uh he even like mentioned that he uh he even like mentioned that he created that skill to fight AI slop and created that skill to fight AI slop and created that skill to fight AI slop and make code bases that are easier to make code bases that are easier to make code bases that are easier to navigate by AI navigate by AI navigate by AI &gt;&gt; and imagine how cool that really is &gt;&gt; and imagine how cool that really is &gt;&gt; and imagine how cool that really is where I just said pretty much there where I just said pretty much there where I just said pretty much there there's two components that I still are

[50:52] there's two components that I still are there's two components that I still are that are still I think very high that are still I think very high that are still I think very high leverage to learn more about leverage to learn more about leverage to learn more about architecture at like the system level architecture at like the system level architecture at like the system level and the codebase level. For the codebase and the codebase level. For the codebase and the codebase level. For the codebase level, there's literally just a skill level, there's literally just a skill level, there's literally just a skill that you can use. And if you just read that you can use. And if you just read that you can use. And if you just read that skill and use it in your coding that skill and use it in your coding that skill and use it in your coding agents, you'll get better at it. agents, you'll get better at it. agents, you'll get better at it. &gt;&gt; To me, that's just amazing that that's &gt;&gt; To me, that's just amazing that that's &gt;&gt; To me, that's just amazing that that's how you get how you get better at it. how you get how you get better at it. how you get how you get better at it. And then the and then the the like the And then the and then the the like the And then the and then the the like the front end database back end, front end database back end, front end database back end, &gt;&gt; spend a day re researching that. &gt;&gt; spend a day re researching that. &gt;&gt; spend a day re researching that. &gt;&gt; Like if you're serious serious about &gt;&gt; Like if you're serious serious about &gt;&gt; Like if you're serious serious about building stuff, just like ask questions.

[51:23] building stuff, just like ask questions. building stuff, just like ask questions. like even do it on like lunch break, go like even do it on like lunch break, go like even do it on like lunch break, go out, take a walk, like start to learn a out, take a walk, like start to learn a out, take a walk, like start to learn a little bit about what that means, how little bit about what that means, how little bit about what that means, how they communicate to each other and also they communicate to each other and also they communicate to each other and also what the different um security aspects what the different um security aspects what the different um security aspects are of those different levels because are of those different levels because are of those different levels because security applies to like your entire security applies to like your entire security applies to like your entire application. But there are specific application. But there are specific application. But there are specific things that your database handles u your things that your database handles u your things that your database handles u your back end handles, your front end handles back end handles, your front end handles back end handles, your front end handles and the communication layers between and the communication layers between and the communication layers between those. those. those. &gt;&gt; Mh. [clears throat]

[51:53] &gt;&gt; Mh. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Mh. [clears throat] Yeah, I think it's really cool that you Yeah, I think it's really cool that you Yeah, I think it's really cool that you brought up the skills of Matt PCO brought up the skills of Matt PCO brought up the skills of Matt PCO because one of the things that I was because one of the things that I was because one of the things that I was thinking about as you were going off thinking about as you were going off thinking about as you were going off there was what you mentioned at the there was what you mentioned at the there was what you mentioned at the beginning which which was that the fact beginning which which was that the fact beginning which which was that the fact that really under the hood software that really under the hood software that really under the hood software engineering is still the same but the engineering is still the same but the engineering is still the same but the human role has changed human role has changed human role has changed &gt;&gt; because of the fact that these things &gt;&gt; because of the fact that these things &gt;&gt; because of the fact that these things are so smart and can move so fast but are so smart and can move so fast but are so smart and can move so fast but still the principles of building good still the principles of building good still the principles of building good code are still the principles of code are still the principles of code are still the principles of building good code. And for someone like building good code. And for someone like building good code. And for someone like me or for a lot of people probably

[52:23] me or for a lot of people probably me or for a lot of people probably watching this, maybe when you started watching this, maybe when you started watching this, maybe when you started saying like Python, C, Rust, they were saying like Python, C, Rust, they were saying like Python, C, Rust, they were like, "What are those things?" You know, like, "What are those things?" You know, like, "What are those things?" You know, but that's been around for so long. And but that's been around for so long. And but that's been around for so long. And people like Matt PCO, people like you people like Matt PCO, people like you people like Matt PCO, people like you know what it looks like to have a good know what it looks like to have a good know what it looks like to have a good codebase. And that means that you can codebase. And that means that you can codebase. And that means that you can leverage the subject matter expertise leverage the subject matter expertise leverage the subject matter expertise and experience of other people if you and experience of other people if you and experience of other people if you ask the right questions, if you have it ask the right questions, if you have it ask the right questions, if you have it do research, if you leverage skills like do research, if you leverage skills like do research, if you leverage skills like that. And I think that that part is that. And I think that that part is that. And I think that that part is really cool and hopefully gives people a really cool and hopefully gives people a really cool and hopefully gives people a lot of a lot more comfort in in the fact lot of a lot more comfort in in the fact lot of a lot more comfort in in the fact that they're not alone in building this

[52:54] that they're not alone in building this that they're not alone in building this app because there's so much stuff out app because there's so much stuff out app because there's so much stuff out there from people that understand what there from people that understand what there from people that understand what what does good look like when maybe you what does good look like when maybe you what does good look like when maybe you can't define good as well as someone can't define good as well as someone can't define good as well as someone else can, you know? else can, you know? else can, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, the last piece I wanted to touch on &gt;&gt; So, the last piece I wanted to touch on &gt;&gt; So, the last piece I wanted to touch on then is I know you hit on a little bit, then is I know you hit on a little bit, then is I know you hit on a little bit, but but but what should people be thinking about what should people be thinking about what should people be thinking about when it comes to the security stuff like when it comes to the security stuff like when it comes to the security stuff like not only from like a data privacy but not only from like a data privacy but not only from like a data privacy but also how do you think about also how do you think about also how do you think about what's the potential of your app getting what's the potential of your app getting what's the potential of your app getting hacked you know that sort of thing too

[53:25] hacked you know that sort of thing too hacked you know that sort of thing too how do you think about that especially how do you think about that especially how do you think about that especially if you have no background in any sort of if you have no background in any sort of if you have no background in any sort of like cyber security like cyber security like cyber security &gt;&gt; sort of stuff &gt;&gt; sort of stuff &gt;&gt; sort of stuff &gt;&gt; so the cool thing about this is that &gt;&gt; so the cool thing about this is that &gt;&gt; so the cool thing about this is that with with with um very little uh like ju with just the um very little uh like ju with just the um very little uh like ju with just the the basics you can go really are. So, of the basics you can go really are. So, of the basics you can go really are. So, of course, security is this big domain and course, security is this big domain and course, security is this big domain and there's different levels to it, but I there's different levels to it, but I there's different levels to it, but I also don't come from like a security also don't come from like a security also don't come from like a security background. I wouldn't even consider

[53:55] background. I wouldn't even consider background. I wouldn't even consider myself a security expert. Uh we do have myself a security expert. Uh we do have myself a security expert. Uh we do have yours on our team who knows way more yours on our team who knows way more yours on our team who knows way more about that and I've picked up most of about that and I've picked up most of about that and I've picked up most of the things from him uh over the years. the things from him uh over the years. the things from him uh over the years. But like I've said, the cool thing is But like I've said, the cool thing is But like I've said, the cool thing is there are actually like if you do a hand there are actually like if you do a hand there are actually like if you do a hand uh a handful few things, you already are uh a handful few things, you already are uh a handful few things, you already are it's almost already impossible for you it's almost already impossible for you it's almost already impossible for you to get hacked. So let me give you a to get hacked. So let me give you a to get hacked. So let me give you a couple of those things to look into and couple of those things to look into and couple of those things to look into and there is a little bit of overlap between

[54:26] there is a little bit of overlap between there is a little bit of overlap between like what we would call infrastructure. like what we would call infrastructure. like what we would call infrastructure. So that is the whole concept of okay we So that is the whole concept of okay we So that is the whole concept of okay we talked about architecture at like the talked about architecture at like the talked about architecture at like the system level backend front end database system level backend front end database system level backend front end database right infrastructure pretty much means right infrastructure pretty much means right infrastructure pretty much means like where do all of those services live like where do all of those services live like where do all of those services live where are they deployed and how do they where are they deployed and how do they where are they deployed and how do they talk to each other and what are for talk to each other and what are for talk to each other and what are for example the firewalls around them example the firewalls around them example the firewalls around them there's a little bit of overlap in there there's a little bit of overlap in there there's a little bit of overlap in there and again um very um high lever thing and again um very um high lever thing and again um very um high lever thing that you can look into even if it's just

[54:56] that you can look into even if it's just that you can look into even if it's just like from a research curiosity like from a research curiosity like from a research curiosity perspective ive to learn more about perspective ive to learn more about perspective ive to learn more about this. So let me walk you through some this. So let me walk you through some this. So let me walk you through some examples to make this a little bit more examples to make this a little bit more examples to make this a little bit more tangible. So tangible. So tangible. So let's start with like a database. For let's start with like a database. For let's start with like a database. For most people building something, you want most people building something, you want most people building something, you want a database, right? Most applications a database, right? Most applications a database, right? Most applications need a database. You need to store user need a database. You need to store user need a database. You need to store user accounts, passwords, any information accounts, passwords, any information accounts, passwords, any information that you might need in your database. that you might need in your database. that you might need in your database. And right now the most popular option And right now the most popular option And right now the most popular option for that is Superbase. Superbase is a for that is Superbase. Superbase is a for that is Superbase. Superbase is a really popular database. And Superbase

[55:26] really popular database. And Superbase really popular database. And Superbase is amazing. If I would say to anyone, if is amazing. If I would say to anyone, if is amazing. If I would say to anyone, if you don't have a very strong reason to you don't have a very strong reason to you don't have a very strong reason to not use uh Superbase, use Superbase. not use uh Superbase, use Superbase. not use uh Superbase, use Superbase. Meaning that if you're nontechnical, if Meaning that if you're nontechnical, if Meaning that if you're nontechnical, if you're just starting out, just use you're just starting out, just use you're just starting out, just use Superbase. It is flexible enough that Superbase. It is flexible enough that Superbase. It is flexible enough that you can do anything with it. Don't be you can do anything with it. Don't be you can do anything with it. Don't be like uh bothered by people saying, "Oh, like uh bothered by people saying, "Oh, like uh bothered by people saying, "Oh, you really need like an unstructured you really need like an unstructured you really need like an unstructured database for this use case," or like, database for this use case," or like, database for this use case," or like, "Oh, you need a dedicated factor "Oh, you need a dedicated factor "Oh, you need a dedicated factor database." Like Superbase can do all of database." Like Superbase can do all of database." Like Superbase can do all of that. Just use that. And then like I've

[55:56] that. Just use that. And then like I've that. Just use that. And then like I've said, if you have a very strong argument said, if you have a very strong argument said, if you have a very strong argument as to why you don't like Superbase, then as to why you don't like Superbase, then as to why you don't like Superbase, then you're probably technical enough to make you're probably technical enough to make you're probably technical enough to make the decision on your if you get what I the decision on your if you get what I the decision on your if you get what I mean, right? So mean, right? So mean, right? So &gt;&gt; that makes sense. Yeah. &gt;&gt; that makes sense. Yeah. &gt;&gt; that makes sense. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So database, use Superbase. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So database, use Superbase. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So database, use Superbase. &gt;&gt; So Superbase &gt;&gt; So Superbase &gt;&gt; So Superbase um it's you can also self-host that by um it's you can also self-host that by um it's you can also self-host that by the way, but for most people I would the way, but for most people I would the way, but for most people I would recommend just use it in the cloud. That recommend just use it in the cloud. That recommend just use it in the cloud. That means go to superbase.com, create an means go to superbase.com, create an means go to superbase.com, create an account, create a database. There you account, create a database. There you account, create a database. There you can get on a uh a plan and you have your can get on a uh a plan and you have your can get on a uh a plan and you have your database. Now then what I recommend to

[56:27] database. Now then what I recommend to database. Now then what I recommend to do is again spend a couple of hours do is again spend a couple of hours do is again spend a couple of hours talking about the security aspects and talking about the security aspects and talking about the security aspects and best practices that you can set up best practices that you can set up best practices that you can set up around Superbase. Superbase is great out around Superbase. Superbase is great out around Superbase. Superbase is great out of the box. But there are some things of the box. But there are some things of the box. But there are some things you need to be aware of. This mostly has you need to be aware of. This mostly has you need to be aware of. This mostly has to do with rowle security. Again I'm to do with rowle security. Again I'm to do with rowle security. Again I'm just putting out these terms in here not just putting out these terms in here not just putting out these terms in here not to go into them but for people to like to go into them but for people to like to go into them but for people to like research into that. So rowle security is research into that. So rowle security is research into that. So rowle security is important. like look up what that means, important. like look up what that means, important. like look up what that means, how you can work with that. Uh make sure

[56:58] how you can work with that. Uh make sure how you can work with that. Uh make sure that your database has like a strong that your database has like a strong that your database has like a strong password, like common sense, strong password, like common sense, strong password, like common sense, strong password. Make sure that your user password. Make sure that your user password. Make sure that your user account that you can log into on account that you can log into on account that you can log into on Superbase, strong password and also Superbase, strong password and also Superbase, strong password and also potentially two-factor authentication. potentially two-factor authentication. potentially two-factor authentication. This is all very simple stuff, right? This is all very simple stuff, right? This is all very simple stuff, right? But this is just avoiding like people But this is just avoiding like people But this is just avoiding like people and random bots being able to like and random bots being able to like and random bots being able to like randomly guess a password and can get randomly guess a password and can get randomly guess a password and can get into something. Now then also, so that's into something. Now then also, so that's into something. Now then also, so that's your database. So now your data lives in your database. So now your data lives in your database. So now your data lives in there. If you use Superbase in the there. If you use Superbase in the there. If you use Superbase in the cloud, you put on rowle security and you

[57:29] cloud, you put on rowle security and you cloud, you put on rowle security and you have strong passwords and you make sure have strong passwords and you make sure have strong passwords and you make sure that all your services that connect to that all your services that connect to that all your services that connect to it use the credentials in like it use the credentials in like it use the credentials in like environment variables without like environment variables without like environment variables without like actually putting it into into code, actually putting it into into code, actually putting it into into code, you're already in a good spot. There's you're already in a good spot. There's you're already in a good spot. There's more that we can do, but this is already more that we can do, but this is already more that we can do, but this is already from a database perspective a good from a database perspective a good from a database perspective a good start. Now then when it comes to your uh start. Now then when it comes to your uh start. Now then when it comes to your uh back end which is the second most back end which is the second most back end which is the second most important thing because for your back important thing because for your back important thing because for your back end usually you have data flowing right end usually you have data flowing right end usually you have data flowing right so your front end application so your front end application so your front end application um may load data directly from your your

[58:01] um may load data directly from your your um may load data directly from your your database or it can also go uh through database or it can also go uh through database or it can also go uh through your back end right so your back end your back end right so your back end your back end right so your back end talks to your database and then your talks to your database and then your talks to your database and then your back end like uh uh puts that uh or like back end like uh uh puts that uh or like back end like uh uh puts that uh or like flows that data through to your front flows that data through to your front flows that data through to your front end. So the back end is another part end. So the back end is another part end. So the back end is another part where you need to be aware of first of where you need to be aware of first of where you need to be aware of first of all like what language do you use and all like what language do you use and all like what language do you use and then second where do you deploy that? So then second where do you deploy that? So then second where do you deploy that? So where does that code live? So when you where does that code live? So when you where does that code live? So when you start building something it's on your start building something it's on your start building something it's on your laptop it's local host. You're running laptop it's local host. You're running laptop it's local host. You're running things you're testing things but when things you're testing things but when things you're testing things but when you deploy something you actually put it you deploy something you actually put it you deploy something you actually put it in the cloud and this is where people

[58:31] in the cloud and this is where people in the cloud and this is where people can get access to it. So there are of can get access to it. So there are of can get access to it. So there are of course various a lot of different course various a lot of different course various a lot of different services that you can use. You have services that you can use. You have services that you can use. You have tools like Railway and Render that make tools like Railway and Render that make tools like Railway and Render that make it really easy one-click deployment. Um, it really easy one-click deployment. Um, it really easy one-click deployment. Um, you can rent a virtual private server. you can rent a virtual private server. you can rent a virtual private server. You can use Azure, AWS, GCP. So, You can use Azure, AWS, GCP. So, You can use Azure, AWS, GCP. So, different types of ways that you can set different types of ways that you can set different types of ways that you can set this up. this up. this up. Um but the most important thing is that Um but the most important thing is that Um but the most important thing is that when you deploy your back end that you when you deploy your back end that you when you deploy your back end that you set up ideally some type of firewall

[59:02] set up ideally some type of firewall set up ideally some type of firewall rule around this where you restrict rule around this where you restrict rule around this where you restrict certain traffic to it and this is again certain traffic to it and this is again certain traffic to it and this is again something that you just need to do some something that you just need to do some something that you just need to do some research in depending on which platform research in depending on which platform research in depending on which platform do you use which language do you also do you use which language do you also do you use which language do you also use uh and then use your AI coding use uh and then use your AI coding use uh and then use your AI coding agents to talk about okay what is like a agents to talk about okay what is like a agents to talk about okay what is like a firewall how can I set that up now this firewall how can I set that up now this firewall how can I set that up now this also applies applies to your your also applies applies to your your also applies applies to your your database and you can do this in the database and you can do this in the database and you can do this in the superbase uh dashboard. But why this is superbase uh dashboard. But why this is superbase uh dashboard. But why this is important is usually there is a part of

[59:32] important is usually there is a part of important is usually there is a part of your application that is userfacing. your application that is userfacing. your application that is userfacing. That's typically your front end meaning That's typically your front end meaning That's typically your front end meaning that's the that's what people actually that's the that's what people actually that's the that's what people actually see. They go into the browser or in a see. They go into the browser or in a see. They go into the browser or in a desktop application and they use that desktop application and they use that desktop application and they use that and then your back end and your database and then your back end and your database and then your back end and your database no one should be able to touch that. no one should be able to touch that. no one should be able to touch that. only your user application is you should only your user application is you should only your user application is you should be able to pull information from that be able to pull information from that be able to pull information from that and uh your front- end application is and uh your front- end application is and uh your front- end application is then also deployed somewhere again can then also deployed somewhere again can then also deployed somewhere again can be any of the services that you use

[1:00:03] be any of the services that you use be any of the services that you use maybe you use it on for sale uh the maybe you use it on for sale uh the maybe you use it on for sale uh the thing is that deployment there uses an thing is that deployment there uses an thing is that deployment there uses an IP address so that is a specific address IP address so that is a specific address IP address so that is a specific address from which it reaches out to either your from which it reaches out to either your from which it reaches out to either your database or to your back end and I know database or to your back end and I know database or to your back end and I know it gets a little bit technical but it gets a little bit technical but it gets a little bit technical but Firewall pretty much means you set up a Firewall pretty much means you set up a Firewall pretty much means you set up a rule where you say in your back end and rule where you say in your back end and rule where you say in your back end and in your database in your database in your database only open the door if the request is only open the door if the request is only open the door if the request is coming from the IP address that I coming from the IP address that I coming from the IP address that I whitelisted which is my known front end

[1:00:34] whitelisted which is my known front end whitelisted which is my known front end or desktop application. And now there is or desktop application. And now there is or desktop application. And now there is very different rules depending on how very different rules depending on how very different rules depending on how you set up your like your infrastructure you set up your like your infrastructure you set up your like your infrastructure and how you set up your architecture and and how you set up your architecture and and how you set up your architecture and your applications. But that is the like your applications. But that is the like your applications. But that is the like general uh best practices around general uh best practices around general uh best practices around security. Setting up the proper security. Setting up the proper security. Setting up the proper firewalls and then making sure secrets, firewalls and then making sure secrets, firewalls and then making sure secrets, API keys, credentials, all of that are API keys, credentials, all of that are API keys, credentials, all of that are handled correctly. So you cannot read handled correctly. So you cannot read handled correctly. So you cannot read them in your application code. people them in your application code. people them in your application code. people cannot read them uh by for example in a

[1:01:05] cannot read them uh by for example in a cannot read them uh by for example in a web application inspecting the code in web application inspecting the code in web application inspecting the code in the browser right so if you protect your the browser right so if you protect your the browser right so if you protect your secrets and your credentials you have secrets and your credentials you have secrets and your credentials you have rowle security on and you put proper rowle security on and you put proper rowle security on and you put proper firewalls on your database your back end firewalls on your database your back end firewalls on your database your back end and whitelist it for your like front end and whitelist it for your like front end and whitelist it for your like front end application that is security in a application that is security in a application that is security in a nutshell and again it's technical but nutshell and again it's technical but nutshell and again it's technical but it's more so for people like to take it's more so for people like to take it's more so for people like to take this snippet summarize it put it this snippet summarize it put it this snippet summarize it put it [clears throat] into like a chat and [clears throat] into like a chat and [clears throat] into like a chat and then reason through this what that means then reason through this what that means then reason through this what that means for your application for your application for your application Yeah, I love that. That was a master Yeah, I love that. That was a master Yeah, I love that. That was a master class. And I think one of the things

[1:01:35] class. And I think one of the things class. And I think one of the things that that that &gt;&gt; have become very clear throughout this &gt;&gt; have become very clear throughout this &gt;&gt; have become very clear throughout this conversation with different technical conversation with different technical conversation with different technical concepts that you've brought up is that concepts that you've brought up is that concepts that you've brought up is that a lot of this sounds like it's just a lot of this sounds like it's just a lot of this sounds like it's just about awareness. If you can bring up about awareness. If you can bring up about awareness. If you can bring up this conversation to your agent and let this conversation to your agent and let this conversation to your agent and let it go do the thinking and the it go do the thinking and the it go do the thinking and the understanding of understanding of understanding of &gt;&gt; implementing, &gt;&gt; implementing, &gt;&gt; implementing, &gt;&gt; but you were the one who had to say, &gt;&gt; but you were the one who had to say, &gt;&gt; but you were the one who had to say, "Hey, think about this and do this." "Hey, think about this and do this." "Hey, think about this and do this." Right. I think that's very cool. Right. I think that's very cool. Right. I think that's very cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's those unknowns unknowns &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's those unknowns unknowns &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's those unknowns unknowns that you in the beginning as a new that you in the beginning as a new that you in the beginning as a new builder developer need to become aware builder developer need to become aware builder developer need to become aware of so that you can ask the right

[1:02:06] of so that you can ask the right of so that you can ask the right questions to your AI agents. It's not questions to your AI agents. It's not questions to your AI agents. It's not about the skills or even the about the skills or even the about the skills or even the intelligence or uh the years of intelligence or uh the years of intelligence or uh the years of training. It's just the awareness being training. It's just the awareness being training. It's just the awareness being able to like ask the right questions and able to like ask the right questions and able to like ask the right questions and then also with the base level then also with the base level then also with the base level understanding that you have being able understanding that you have being able understanding that you have being able to somewhat reason over those answers to somewhat reason over those answers to somewhat reason over those answers right where you can say yeah that is right where you can say yeah that is right where you can say yeah that is important and let's not get into this important and let's not get into this important and let's not get into this right now because those are not kind of right now because those are not kind of right now because those are not kind of like the basics that goes way deeper like the basics that goes way deeper like the basics that goes way deeper that's not important for my application that's not important for my application that's not important for my application right now at this stage right now at this stage right now at this stage &gt;&gt; I love it let's let's wrap up here with

[1:02:38] &gt;&gt; I love it let's let's wrap up here with &gt;&gt; I love it let's let's wrap up here with with one final sort of like with one final sort of like with one final sort of like big statement from you what I want to big statement from you what I want to big statement from you what I want to hear from you is hear from you is hear from you is basically I want you to start the basically I want you to start the basically I want you to start the sentence like this. If I was starting sentence like this. If I was starting sentence like this. If I was starting today with no technical experience, I today with no technical experience, I today with no technical experience, I would be most excited about this. Like would be most excited about this. Like would be most excited about this. Like what is the opportunity and what gets what is the opportunity and what gets what is the opportunity and what gets you excited like thinking about the you excited like thinking about the you excited like thinking about the future of where AI is headed and what future of where AI is headed and what future of where AI is headed and what you're able to do with it in this, you you're able to do with it in this, you you're able to do with it in this, you know, software engineering or building know, software engineering or building know, software engineering or building apps sort of space.

[1:03:08] apps sort of space. apps sort of space. &gt;&gt; Cool. That's the I really like this. So, &gt;&gt; Cool. That's the I really like this. So, &gt;&gt; Cool. That's the I really like this. So, um, yeah, here's I would answer. So, if um, yeah, here's I would answer. So, if um, yeah, here's I would answer. So, if I were just starting out and I see what I were just starting out and I see what I were just starting out and I see what what's going on around me with all of what's going on around me with all of what's going on around me with all of this technology, this technology, this technology, what I would be most excited about is what I would be most excited about is what I would be most excited about is the opportunities the opportunities the opportunities it can create for each and every one of it can create for each and every one of it can create for each and every one of us. So I out of university us. So I out of university us. So I out of university quite randomly happened to land on a

[1:03:38] quite randomly happened to land on a quite randomly happened to land on a freelance gig and worked self-employed freelance gig and worked self-employed freelance gig and worked self-employed pretty much ever since then. Started to pretty much ever since then. Started to pretty much ever since then. Started to build businesses off of that and that build businesses off of that and that build businesses off of that and that has given me insane amounts of freedom has given me insane amounts of freedom has given me insane amounts of freedom and getting to work on exciting things and getting to work on exciting things and getting to work on exciting things that I want to build. And I think that that I want to build. And I think that that I want to build. And I think that is now within reach for more and more is now within reach for more and more is now within reach for more and more people because of this gigantic people because of this gigantic people because of this gigantic transformation that we as the world will

[1:04:09] transformation that we as the world will transformation that we as the world will be going through in this AI be going through in this AI be going through in this AI transformation. transformation. transformation. And you might be thinking, yeah be when And you might be thinking, yeah be when And you might be thinking, yeah be when the tools get easier, everyone can do the tools get easier, everyone can do the tools get easier, everyone can do this. True, but we still need this. True, but we still need this. True, but we still need implementers. We still need builders. implementers. We still need builders. implementers. We still need builders. The fact that it is possible and that we The fact that it is possible and that we The fact that it is possible and that we can do it doesn't mean that everyone and can do it doesn't mean that everyone and can do it doesn't mean that everyone and every business will actually take the every business will actually take the every business will actually take the initiative to start to start doing this, initiative to start to start doing this, initiative to start to start doing this, right? So there are just going to be so right? So there are just going to be so right? So there are just going to be so much opportunities

[1:04:40] much opportunities much opportunities to for like pretty much um to for like pretty much um to for like pretty much um entrepreneurial things to build things entrepreneurial things to build things entrepreneurial things to build things on your own to to sell that to make that on your own to to sell that to make that on your own to to sell that to make that available to make content to help local available to make content to help local available to make content to help local businesses or maybe not even local but businesses or maybe not even local but businesses or maybe not even local but to help larger businesses to be able to to help larger businesses to be able to to help larger businesses to be able to be excited about the technology about be excited about the technology about be excited about the technology about the automation about the transformation the automation about the transformation the automation about the transformation and then getting better at that craft as and then getting better at that craft as and then getting better at that craft as you do it and then being able to like you do it and then being able to like you do it and then being able to like monetize off of that. And if that is monetize off of that. And if that is monetize off of that. And if that is exciting to people watching, which I

[1:05:11] exciting to people watching, which I exciting to people watching, which I know it probably is because I know your know it probably is because I know your know it probably is because I know your audience, right? Then I would say like audience, right? Then I would say like audience, right? Then I would say like go go all in on that. And if you even if go go all in on that. And if you even if go go all in on that. And if you even if you're not just starting out, but you you're not just starting out, but you you're not just starting out, but you may already have a job, like figure out may already have a job, like figure out may already have a job, like figure out how you can do this on the side, right? how you can do this on the side, right? how you can do this on the side, right? Um, I for example have an entire Um, I for example have an entire Um, I for example have an entire community of freelance developers and community of freelance developers and community of freelance developers and data professionals and I also share that data professionals and I also share that data professionals and I also share that with people because the opportunities with people because the opportunities with people because the opportunities are real. You can do this next to a are real. You can do this next to a are real. You can do this next to a full-time job. You can pick up a project full-time job. You can pick up a project full-time job. You can pick up a project and while you're doing your day job, you

[1:05:41] and while you're doing your day job, you and while you're doing your day job, you can just kick off another agent and let can just kick off another agent and let can just kick off another agent and let it do the work, right? You can even use it do the work, right? You can even use it do the work, right? You can even use your phone to talk to Claude on lunch your phone to talk to Claude on lunch your phone to talk to Claude on lunch break. Give it a master prompt and when break. Give it a master prompt and when break. Give it a master prompt and when you're back home like it has built the you're back home like it has built the you're back home like it has built the automation for your client. So I would automation for your client. So I would automation for your client. So I would say that's the most exciting thing. Um I say that's the most exciting thing. Um I say that's the most exciting thing. Um I recently watched a podcast uh it was on recently watched a podcast uh it was on recently watched a podcast uh it was on Lex Fritman and we had DHH the I don't Lex Fritman and we had DHH the I don't Lex Fritman and we had DHH the I don't even like it's David blah blah blah. DHH even like it's David blah blah blah. DHH even like it's David blah blah blah. DHH is is is what he goes by online

[1:06:12] is is is what he goes by online is is is what he goes by online typically. And he described it as having typically. And he described it as having typically. And he described it as having a genie in a bottle. Like we as a genie in a bottle. Like we as a genie in a bottle. Like we as developers now have a genie in a bottle. developers now have a genie in a bottle. developers now have a genie in a bottle. I like that. I like that. I like that. &gt;&gt; Meaning that you can just think about it &gt;&gt; Meaning that you can just think about it &gt;&gt; Meaning that you can just think about it &gt;&gt; and you can prompt it into existence. &gt;&gt; and you can prompt it into existence. &gt;&gt; and you can prompt it into existence. &gt;&gt; And you're not even limited to three &gt;&gt; And you're not even limited to three &gt;&gt; And you're not even limited to three wishes. You can just keep asking. wishes. You can just keep asking. wishes. You can just keep asking. &gt;&gt; You're not you're just limited &gt;&gt; You're not you're just limited &gt;&gt; You're not you're just limited [laughter] to your tokens. [laughter] to your tokens. [laughter] to your tokens. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's that's what you got to be &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's that's what you got to be &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's that's what you got to be careful careful careful &gt;&gt; to your weekly token budget. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; to your weekly token budget. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; to your weekly token budget. Yeah. Yeah. But I think that is that that is a great But I think that is that that is a great But I think that is that that is a great like description and you know this as like description and you know this as like description and you know this as well Nate because I see all of these well Nate because I see all of these well Nate because I see all of these videos from you when whenever every time

[1:06:43] videos from you when whenever every time videos from you when whenever every time a new model releases like the stuff that a new model releases like the stuff that a new model releases like the stuff that they can do just gets crazier and they can do just gets crazier and they can do just gets crazier and crazier and crazier and it used to be on crazier and crazier and it used to be on crazier and crazier and it used to be on like this yearly timeline where if you like this yearly timeline where if you like this yearly timeline where if you looked one year back like the models looked one year back like the models looked one year back like the models were like extremely way way better. I were like extremely way way better. I were like extremely way way better. I think now we have it already like on a think now we have it already like on a think now we have it already like on a quarterly basis where you have these quarterly basis where you have these quarterly basis where you have these like really holy this is so much like really holy this is so much like really holy this is so much better than what we had right and that better than what we had right and that better than what we had right and that will that will continue I I don't see a will that will continue I I don't see a will that will continue I I don't see a world where that is going to stop world where that is going to stop world where that is going to stop &gt;&gt; so you just need to learn how to like

[1:07:14] &gt;&gt; so you just need to learn how to like &gt;&gt; so you just need to learn how to like use these tools and then build stuff use these tools and then build stuff use these tools and then build stuff with it and then use that to ultimately with it and then use that to ultimately with it and then use that to ultimately create the life that you want because create the life that you want because create the life that you want because like building stuff just for the sake of like building stuff just for the sake of like building stuff just for the sake of it is fun but I It's a we have a great it is fun but I It's a we have a great it is fun but I It's a we have a great opportunity to like help yourself, help opportunity to like help yourself, help opportunity to like help yourself, help your family, and to create a life around your family, and to create a life around your family, and to create a life around these tools that was just not possible these tools that was just not possible these tools that was just not possible years ago. years ago. years ago. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. I think the the only way we &gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. I think the the only way we &gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. I think the the only way we see the the progress slow down is if see the the progress slow down is if see the the progress slow down is if this whole like pacing the frontier this whole like pacing the frontier

[1:07:44] this whole like pacing the frontier discussion that's going on right now, if discussion that's going on right now, if discussion that's going on right now, if there's an actual standard in place for there's an actual standard in place for there's an actual standard in place for regulation and for regulation and for regulation and for &gt;&gt; I guess kind of like a a national and &gt;&gt; I guess kind of like a a national and &gt;&gt; I guess kind of like a a national and global coordination. So, we'll see what global coordination. So, we'll see what global coordination. So, we'll see what happens there. But happens there. But happens there. But &gt;&gt; there go f They go f steam hats. There's &gt;&gt; there go f They go f steam hats. There's &gt;&gt; there go f They go f steam hats. There's no stuff. no stuff. no stuff. &gt;&gt; Oh man, we could do we could probably do &gt;&gt; Oh man, we could do we could probably do &gt;&gt; Oh man, we could do we could probably do a whole another hour talking about this a whole another hour talking about this a whole another hour talking about this stuff. I think it's really interesting stuff. I think it's really interesting stuff. I think it's really interesting as well. But as well. But as well. But &gt;&gt; um this space has been, you know, so &gt;&gt; um this space has been, you know, so &gt;&gt; um this space has been, you know, so exciting, so fun. I'm so glad that I've exciting, so fun. I'm so glad that I've exciting, so fun. I'm so glad that I've been able to connect with people like been able to connect with people like been able to connect with people like you and hang out in person and just, you you and hang out in person and just, you you and hang out in person and just, you know, you're super smart guy. So I know, you're super smart guy. So I know, you're super smart guy. So I appreciate you coming on. This has been

[1:08:14] appreciate you coming on. This has been appreciate you coming on. This has been a super informational a super informational a super informational episode. So really appreciate you coming episode. So really appreciate you coming episode. So really appreciate you coming on. Dave, where can people get in touch on. Dave, where can people get in touch on. Dave, where can people get in touch with you or learn more from you if with you or learn more from you if with you or learn more from you if they're interested? they're interested? they're interested? &gt;&gt; Cool. Appreciate it, Nate. Uh, just go &gt;&gt; Cool. Appreciate it, Nate. Uh, just go &gt;&gt; Cool. Appreciate it, Nate. Uh, just go to my YouTube channel, Dave Ablar. to my YouTube channel, Dave Ablar. to my YouTube channel, Dave Ablar. Mostly Mostly Mostly videos for a more technical audience. videos for a more technical audience. videos for a more technical audience. But that said, what does that matter But that said, what does that matter But that said, what does that matter nowadays? Like I make sure that my nowadays? Like I make sure that my nowadays? Like I make sure that my tutorials, I also create these kind of tutorials, I also create these kind of tutorials, I also create these kind of like handbook guides for them nowadays like handbook guides for them nowadays like handbook guides for them nowadays because it's so easy. I used to just

[1:08:45] because it's so easy. I used to just because it's so easy. I used to just create tutorials and teach them. Now I create tutorials and teach them. Now I create tutorials and teach them. Now I create a tutorial and I just say to AI create a tutorial and I just say to AI create a tutorial and I just say to AI like create a whole entire documentation like create a whole entire documentation like create a whole entire documentation page for it so people can walk through page for it so people can walk through page for it so people can walk through it step by step. So the cool thing is I it step by step. So the cool thing is I it step by step. So the cool thing is I mostly do kind of like big builds how to mostly do kind of like big builds how to mostly do kind of like big builds how to build this. For example, I just launched build this. For example, I just launched build this. For example, I just launched a video how to build an entire company a video how to build an entire company a video how to build an entire company knowledge base and then actually do it knowledge base and then actually do it knowledge base and then actually do it properly like something not just like properly like something not just like properly like something not just like the toy project but actually something the toy project but actually something the toy project but actually something that you could like offer to a company that you could like offer to a company that you could like offer to a company and it's for a technical audience but and it's for a technical audience but and it's for a technical audience but you could also just use your AI agent you could also just use your AI agent you could also just use your AI agent and point it at the GitHub repository in

[1:09:16] and point it at the GitHub repository in and point it at the GitHub repository in the handbook and it can build it for the handbook and it can build it for the handbook and it can build it for you. So yeah, YouTube Dave Ablar that's you. So yeah, YouTube Dave Ablar that's you. So yeah, YouTube Dave Ablar that's where you find me. where you find me. where you find me. &gt;&gt; Sweet. I love it. Well, thanks so much &gt;&gt; Sweet. I love it. Well, thanks so much &gt;&gt; Sweet. I love it. Well, thanks so much for hopping on today Dave and maybe we for hopping on today Dave and maybe we for hopping on today Dave and maybe we can do it again sometime. can do it again sometime. can do it again sometime. My pleasure, Nate. Talk soon. My pleasure, Nate. Talk soon. My pleasure, Nate. Talk soon. &gt;&gt; Awesome. All right. See you, Dave.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=l8ywUsEJ2XQ
