# Transcript: How I’d Teach a 10 Year Old to Build Agentic Workflows (Claude Code)

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GAxd90fEE4
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 28:21 · Words: 24434
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=3GAxd90fEE4

## Transcript
[0:01] Agendic workflows are changing Agendic workflows are changing everything for AI automations. These everything for AI automations. These everything for AI automations. These workflows fix themselves and can be made workflows fix themselves and can be made workflows fix themselves and can be made 10 times faster than normal step-by-step 10 times faster than normal step-by-step 10 times faster than normal step-by-step automations without writing a single automations without writing a single automations without writing a single line of code. But recently, I saw that line of code. But recently, I saw that line of code. But recently, I saw that some people in my community are still some people in my community are still some people in my community are still confused about what they are and don't confused about what they are and don't confused about what they are and don't know where to start. So that's why in know where to start. So that's why in know where to start. So that's why in this video I'm going to explain what this video I'm going to explain what this video I'm going to explain what agentic workflows are in the simplest agentic workflows are in the simplest agentic workflows are in the simplest way possible so that even a 10-year-old way possible so that even a 10-year-old way possible so that even a 10-year-old can understand it. And then I'm going to can understand it. And then I'm going to can understand it. And then I'm going to build one right here in front of you build one right here in front of you build one right here in front of you guys so that you can see how simple it guys so that you can see how simple it guys so that you can see how simple it really is. And by the end, you'll know really is. And by the end, you'll know really is. And by the end, you'll know exactly how to apply this to any exactly how to apply this to any exactly how to apply this to any workflow you want to build. So let's get workflow you want to build. So let's get workflow you want to build. So let's get into it. So before we actually build into it. So before we actually build into it. So before we actually build anything, let's make sure we're on the anything, let's make sure we're on the anything, let's make sure we're on the same page about what agentic workflows

[0:31] same page about what agentic workflows same page about what agentic workflows actually are. With traditional workflow actually are. With traditional workflow actually are. With traditional workflow automation, the stuff that I've been automation, the stuff that I've been automation, the stuff that I've been teaching on my channel for a while now, teaching on my channel for a while now, teaching on my channel for a while now, you're basically showing the system you're basically showing the system you're basically showing the system exactly how to do something step by exactly how to do something step by exactly how to do something step by step. That means that you're dragging step. That means that you're dragging step. That means that you're dragging nodes onto a canvas. You're connecting nodes onto a canvas. You're connecting nodes onto a canvas. You're connecting them together. You're making sure that them together. You're making sure that them together. You're making sure that the right data flows into the right the right data flows into the right the right data flows into the right spots. You're setting up your own API spots. You're setting up your own API spots. You're setting up your own API calls. You're the one who's mapping out calls. You're the one who's mapping out calls. You're the one who's mapping out pretty much every single step. But with pretty much every single step. But with pretty much every single step. But with Agentic Workflows, you just tell the Agentic Workflows, you just tell the Agentic Workflows, you just tell the system what you want, and its job is to system what you want, and its job is to system what you want, and its job is to figure out how to get there on its own. figure out how to get there on its own. figure out how to get there on its own. So here's the simplest way that I can So here's the simplest way that I can So here's the simplest way that I can explain it. Think about it like you're explain it. Think about it like you're explain it. Think about it like you're ordering food. Traditional automation is ordering food. Traditional automation is ordering food. Traditional automation is like cooking dinner for yourself based like cooking dinner for yourself based like cooking dinner for yourself based on a recipe. So you follow step one, you on a recipe. So you follow step one, you on a recipe. So you follow step one, you make sure you have the ingredients, you

[1:01] make sure you have the ingredients, you make sure you have the ingredients, you follow step two, step three, you grab follow step two, step three, you grab follow step two, step three, you grab everything you need, you measure it out, everything you need, you measure it out, everything you need, you measure it out, you set the timer, you set the oven, you you set the timer, you set the oven, you you set the timer, you set the oven, you have to flip the burger, whatever it is. have to flip the burger, whatever it is. have to flip the burger, whatever it is. If you skip a step or you mess something If you skip a step or you mess something If you skip a step or you mess something up, then the whole thing kind of falls up, then the whole thing kind of falls up, then the whole thing kind of falls apart. Agentic workflows, on the other apart. Agentic workflows, on the other apart. Agentic workflows, on the other hand, are like walking into a restaurant hand, are like walking into a restaurant hand, are like walking into a restaurant and just telling the waiter, "I want a and just telling the waiter, "I want a and just telling the waiter, "I want a delicious steak dinner." You're not delicious steak dinner." You're not delicious steak dinner." You're not telling them how to season the steak, telling them how to season the steak, telling them how to season the steak, what temperature the oven should be, or what temperature the oven should be, or what temperature the oven should be, or even maybe like what sides to pair it even maybe like what sides to pair it even maybe like what sides to pair it with. You're just giving them the with. You're just giving them the with. You're just giving them the outcome that you want, and they figure outcome that you want, and they figure outcome that you want, and they figure out the rest. But of course, even a out the rest. But of course, even a out the rest. But of course, even a great chef might need a little more great chef might need a little more great chef might need a little more information from you. So they probably information from you. So they probably information from you. So they probably will come back and say, "Okay, cool. will come back and say, "Okay, cool. will come back and say, "Okay, cool. That sounds good. But how do you want That sounds good. But how do you want That sounds good. But how do you want your steak cooked and once you tell them

[1:32] your steak cooked and once you tell them your steak cooked and once you tell them medium rare, they'll go off and they'll medium rare, they'll go off and they'll medium rare, they'll go off and they'll handle everything else until you pretty handle everything else until you pretty handle everything else until you pretty much get that end result." So that's much get that end result." So that's much get that end result." So that's exactly how Agentic workflows work. You exactly how Agentic workflows work. You exactly how Agentic workflows work. You give the system a goal. It figures out give the system a goal. It figures out give the system a goal. It figures out the steps, but also it asks you the steps, but also it asks you the steps, but also it asks you clarifying questions to make sure that clarifying questions to make sure that clarifying questions to make sure that it gets exactly what you need because a it gets exactly what you need because a it gets exactly what you need because a lot of us are really good at knowing the lot of us are really good at knowing the lot of us are really good at knowing the end goal that we want, but not exactly end goal that we want, but not exactly end goal that we want, but not exactly how to get there. So let's make this how to get there. So let's make this how to get there. So let's make this practical. Let's say you need contact practical. Let's say you need contact practical. Let's say you need contact info for 50 dentists in Chicago so that info for 50 dentists in Chicago so that info for 50 dentists in Chicago so that you can send each one of those dentists you can send each one of those dentists you can send each one of those dentists a personalized outreach message. With an a personalized outreach message. With an a personalized outreach message. With an aentic workflow, you don't have to map aentic workflow, you don't have to map aentic workflow, you don't have to map out every single step. You just tell the out every single step. You just tell the out every single step. You just tell the agent what you need and it goes and agent what you need and it goes and agent what you need and it goes and figures out how to scrape the data, figures out how to scrape the data, figures out how to scrape the data, where to scrape the data from, how to

[2:02] where to scrape the data from, how to where to scrape the data from, how to find the contacts, how to generate find the contacts, how to generate find the contacts, how to generate personalized emails for each one. Of personalized emails for each one. Of personalized emails for each one. Of course, it may need to ask you, okay, course, it may need to ask you, okay, course, it may need to ask you, okay, what services do you want to offer them what services do you want to offer them what services do you want to offer them so that I can make the personalized so that I can make the personalized so that I can make the personalized emails better? So, if I showed you these emails better? So, if I showed you these emails better? So, if I showed you these two approaches side by side, here's kind two approaches side by side, here's kind two approaches side by side, here's kind of what they'd look like. A traditional of what they'd look like. A traditional of what they'd look like. A traditional automation might look like this. You've automation might look like this. You've automation might look like this. You've got a trigger, you've got a tool call, got a trigger, you've got a tool call, got a trigger, you've got a tool call, you've got maybe another tool call, you've got maybe another tool call, you've got maybe another tool call, you've got an AI step, maybe some you've got an AI step, maybe some you've got an AI step, maybe some conditional logic, and then a final conditional logic, and then a final conditional logic, and then a final output to Slack or ClickUp or wherever output to Slack or ClickUp or wherever output to Slack or ClickUp or wherever with an agentic workflow, you give it with an agentic workflow, you give it with an agentic workflow, you give it the input, and maybe you answer a the input, and maybe you answer a the input, and maybe you answer a question, and then you get your output. question, and then you get your output. question, and then you get your output. That's it. Now that you understand that That's it. Now that you understand that That's it. Now that you understand that concept, let me show you what that concept, let me show you what that concept, let me show you what that actually looks like in practice so that actually looks like in practice so that actually looks like in practice so that you can see how simple it really is. All you can see how simple it really is. All you can see how simple it really is. All right, so even if you don't know how to

[2:33] right, so even if you don't know how to right, so even if you don't know how to code or if you've never touched an IDE code or if you've never touched an IDE code or if you've never touched an IDE before, you're going to be just fine. before, you're going to be just fine. before, you're going to be just fine. IDE stands for integrated development IDE stands for integrated development IDE stands for integrated development environment, and you don't even need to environment, and you don't even need to environment, and you don't even need to know that it's said for that. So, what know that it's said for that. So, what know that it's said for that. So, what we're going to do is we're going to get we're going to do is we're going to get we're going to do is we're going to get into cloud code and I'm going to walk into cloud code and I'm going to walk into cloud code and I'm going to walk through everything that you need to know through everything that you need to know through everything that you need to know because it can be a little intimidating, because it can be a little intimidating, because it can be a little intimidating, but I'm going to show you exactly what but I'm going to show you exactly what but I'm going to show you exactly what you need to look at and what you don't you need to look at and what you don't you need to look at and what you don't need to look at. And by the end, it's need to look at. And by the end, it's need to look at. And by the end, it's going to be so much easier than you going to be so much easier than you going to be so much easier than you probably thought. So, the first step is probably thought. So, the first step is probably thought. So, the first step is you need to go to Google, search for you need to go to Google, search for you need to go to Google, search for Visual Studio Code, and then just Visual Studio Code, and then just Visual Studio Code, and then just download this. It's completely free to download this. It's completely free to download this. It's completely free to download. And this is where we're going download. And this is where we're going download. And this is where we're going to be using Claude Code. Once you open to be using Claude Code. Once you open to be using Claude Code. Once you open that up, this is what it's going to look that up, this is what it's going to look that up, this is what it's going to look like. And the first thing that I want like. And the first thing that I want like. And the first thing that I want you to do is go over to the lefth hand you to do is go over to the lefth hand you to do is go over to the lefth hand side and click on extensions. And once

[3:04] side and click on extensions. And once side and click on extensions. And once you get in here, just search for Claude you get in here, just search for Claude you get in here, just search for Claude Code. And then when you click on that, Code. And then when you click on that, Code. And then when you click on that, it's going to allow you to install the it's going to allow you to install the it's going to allow you to install the Claude code extension for VS Code. And Claude code extension for VS Code. And Claude code extension for VS Code. And that's how we actually use it. So if you that's how we actually use it. So if you that's how we actually use it. So if you don't have a Claude plan, you are going don't have a Claude plan, you are going don't have a Claude plan, you are going to have to go get on a paid plan for to have to go get on a paid plan for to have to go get on a paid plan for Claude. You can start at 17 bucks a Claude. You can start at 17 bucks a Claude. You can start at 17 bucks a month. And this actually allows you to month. And this actually allows you to month. And this actually allows you to get Claude code as you can see includes get Claude code as you can see includes get Claude code as you can see includes Claude code with Opus 4.5. So you do Claude code with Opus 4.5. So you do Claude code with Opus 4.5. So you do have to be on a plan. And then once you have to be on a plan. And then once you have to be on a plan. And then once you open up the extension in here, it will open up the extension in here, it will open up the extension in here, it will prompt you to log in with that email prompt you to log in with that email prompt you to log in with that email that you have that plan for. And then it that you have that plan for. And then it that you have that plan for. And then it will basically sync it over everything will basically sync it over everything will basically sync it over everything over here and you'll be able to use it. over here and you'll be able to use it. over here and you'll be able to use it. So the next step then is to open up a So the next step then is to open up a So the next step then is to open up a project. So on the lefth hand side,

[3:35] project. So on the lefth hand side, project. So on the lefth hand side, instead of clicking on extensions, instead of clicking on extensions, instead of clicking on extensions, you're going to click on explorer. And you're going to click on explorer. And you're going to click on explorer. And this says you're not in a project yet. this says you're not in a project yet. this says you're not in a project yet. You don't have a folder open. You need You don't have a folder open. You need You don't have a folder open. You need to open one up. So I've got a folder to open one up. So I've got a folder to open one up. So I've got a folder right in here called Aentic Workflows right in here called Aentic Workflows right in here called Aentic Workflows Demo. And that's the one that I'm going Demo. And that's the one that I'm going Demo. And that's the one that I'm going to open. If you don't already have one to open. If you don't already have one to open. If you don't already have one made, just go ahead and create one made, just go ahead and create one made, just go ahead and create one first. And then you can open that up. first. And then you can open that up. first. And then you can open that up. And so you'll see if I click into this And so you'll see if I click into this And so you'll see if I click into this one, there's nothing in here. It's a one, there's nothing in here. It's a one, there's nothing in here. It's a completely blank project. So I'm going completely blank project. So I'm going completely blank project. So I'm going to select that folder. And now we have to select that folder. And now we have to select that folder. And now we have this right here. So this is our file this right here. So this is our file this right here. So this is our file explorer. This is where we can see explorer. This is where we can see explorer. This is where we can see Agentic Workflows demo. And then on the Agentic Workflows demo. And then on the Agentic Workflows demo. And then on the right hand side, what I'm going to do is right hand side, what I'm going to do is right hand side, what I'm going to do is click on this button up here, which click on this button up here, which click on this button up here, which looks like the Claude logo, and it says looks like the Claude logo, and it says looks like the Claude logo, and it says Claude Code open. So I open that up. I'm

[4:05] Claude Code open. So I open that up. I'm Claude Code open. So I open that up. I'm going to close out of this main window. going to close out of this main window. going to close out of this main window. And now what we have is Claude Code, And now what we have is Claude Code, And now what we have is Claude Code, which kind of looks like a chat GBT or a which kind of looks like a chat GBT or a which kind of looks like a chat GBT or a regular Claude interface where we can regular Claude interface where we can regular Claude interface where we can talk with our coding assistant. So this talk with our coding assistant. So this talk with our coding assistant. So this is what your screen should look like. is what your screen should look like. is what your screen should look like. Once you get here, let's talk about what Once you get here, let's talk about what Once you get here, let's talk about what comes next. Okay, the environment that comes next. Okay, the environment that comes next. Okay, the environment that we're currently working in, cloud code we're currently working in, cloud code we're currently working in, cloud code within VS Code. On the lefth hand side, within VS Code. On the lefth hand side, within VS Code. On the lefth hand side, we've got our files. So in ours right we've got our files. So in ours right we've got our files. So in ours right now, we have one called Aentic Workflows now, we have one called Aentic Workflows now, we have one called Aentic Workflows demo, but there's no other files in demo, but there's no other files in demo, but there's no other files in there. This is where cloud code will there. This is where cloud code will there. This is where cloud code will actually build workflows for us and actually build workflows for us and actually build workflows for us and build files and things like that. And build files and things like that. And build files and things like that. And we'll see them populate on the lefth we'll see them populate on the lefth we'll see them populate on the lefth hand side. Now on the right hand side, hand side. Now on the right hand side, hand side. Now on the right hand side, this is where we have our chat interface this is where we have our chat interface this is where we have our chat interface with the agent itself. This is where we

[4:35] with the agent itself. This is where we with the agent itself. This is where we do our planning. This is where it asks do our planning. This is where it asks do our planning. This is where it asks us questions. And this is where it us questions. And this is where it us questions. And this is where it actually executes his actions. And once actually executes his actions. And once actually executes his actions. And once again, we'll be able to see all of that again, we'll be able to see all of that again, we'll be able to see all of that live. So now I wanted to tell you guys live. So now I wanted to tell you guys live. So now I wanted to tell you guys about the framework that we're actually about the framework that we're actually about the framework that we're actually using today to build ouric workflows. using today to build ouric workflows. using today to build ouric workflows. It's called WAT, which stands for It's called WAT, which stands for It's called WAT, which stands for workflows, agent, and tools. So the workflows, agent, and tools. So the workflows, agent, and tools. So the agent itself is cloud code. That's what agent itself is cloud code. That's what agent itself is cloud code. That's what we talk with. That's what the AI brain we talk with. That's what the AI brain we talk with. That's what the AI brain uses to build workflows and tools. The uses to build workflows and tools. The uses to build workflows and tools. The workflows are going to come in a format workflows are going to come in a format workflows are going to come in a format called markdown, which just looks like called markdown, which just looks like called markdown, which just looks like this. It's natural language. It has this. It's natural language. It has this. It's natural language. It has headers and it has bullet points and headers and it has bullet points and headers and it has bullet points and bold font just to make it easier to bold font just to make it easier to bold font just to make it easier to read, but it's literally just a natural

[5:06] read, but it's literally just a natural read, but it's literally just a natural language document. And then the tools language document. And then the tools language document. And then the tools come in Python. So, this is the logo. come in Python. So, this is the logo. come in Python. So, this is the logo. It'll be a py file, which I'll show you It'll be a py file, which I'll show you It'll be a py file, which I'll show you guys. And this is the ugly stuff. This guys. And this is the ugly stuff. This guys. And this is the ugly stuff. This is where we actually have code that I is where we actually have code that I is where we actually have code that I don't really want to look at. You guys don't really want to look at. You guys don't really want to look at. You guys don't want to look at. But luckily, we don't want to look at. But luckily, we don't want to look at. But luckily, we don't have to. So, what's the difference don't have to. So, what's the difference don't have to. So, what's the difference between these workflows and tools? Well, between these workflows and tools? Well, between these workflows and tools? Well, workflows are processes and tools are workflows are processes and tools are workflows are processes and tools are actions to take. So, let's go back to actions to take. So, let's go back to actions to take. So, let's go back to our analogy of like, you know, food and our analogy of like, you know, food and our analogy of like, you know, food and maybe making a cake. So, when you want maybe making a cake. So, when you want maybe making a cake. So, when you want to make a cake, you've got a recipe and to make a cake, you've got a recipe and to make a cake, you've got a recipe and then you've got a bunch of ingredients then you've got a bunch of ingredients then you've got a bunch of ingredients and you have to figure out what to do and you have to figure out what to do and you have to figure out what to do with them. So, basically, the agent is a with them. So, basically, the agent is a with them. So, basically, the agent is a chef and the chef needs to make a cake. chef and the chef needs to make a cake. chef and the chef needs to make a cake. The chef is going to either read a

[5:36] The chef is going to either read a The chef is going to either read a pre-existing workflow, which is a recipe pre-existing workflow, which is a recipe pre-existing workflow, which is a recipe to how to make the cake, or the chef is to how to make the cake, or the chef is to how to make the cake, or the chef is going to build its own recipe. And going to build its own recipe. And going to build its own recipe. And within the recipe, it'll say, you know, within the recipe, it'll say, you know, within the recipe, it'll say, you know, like crack two eggs into a bowl, add a like crack two eggs into a bowl, add a like crack two eggs into a bowl, add a cup of flour, whatever. Those are the cup of flour, whatever. Those are the cup of flour, whatever. Those are the tools. So, eggs are tools. Flour is a tools. So, eggs are tools. Flour is a tools. So, eggs are tools. Flour is a tool, sugar is a tool. And so that's how tool, sugar is a tool. And so that's how tool, sugar is a tool. And so that's how the chef, the agent uses a combination the chef, the agent uses a combination the chef, the agent uses a combination of recipes, workflows, ingredients, of recipes, workflows, ingredients, of recipes, workflows, ingredients, tools in order to make something which tools in order to make something which tools in order to make something which is either a cake or an agentic workflow is either a cake or an agentic workflow is either a cake or an agentic workflow automation. So now that you guys automation. So now that you guys automation. So now that you guys understand that framework, we need to understand that framework, we need to understand that framework, we need to make sure that claude code understands make sure that claude code understands make sure that claude code understands that framework. So what I'm going to do that framework. So what I'm going to do that framework. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to drag in a file. And this is I'm going to drag in a file. And this is I'm going to drag in a file. And this file will be available for download in

[6:07] file will be available for download in file will be available for download in my free school community. The link for my free school community. The link for my free school community. The link for that is down in the description. And that is down in the description. And that is down in the description. And this is our claude.md file. So every this is our claude.md file. So every this is our claude.md file. So every time that you set up a new project in time that you set up a new project in time that you set up a new project in cloud code, you have to give it a cloud code, you have to give it a cloud code, you have to give it a cloud.md file. They won't always be the cloud.md file. They won't always be the cloud.md file. They won't always be the same, but when you're building agentic same, but when you're building agentic same, but when you're building agentic workflows and you're using a WAT workflows and you're using a WAT workflows and you're using a WAT framework, you can just use this and framework, you can just use this and framework, you can just use this and copy and paste it every single time. copy and paste it every single time. copy and paste it every single time. This is basically telling Cloud Code how This is basically telling Cloud Code how This is basically telling Cloud Code how to work. This is its job instructions to work. This is its job instructions to work. This is its job instructions and description. So, if you were to go and description. So, if you were to go and description. So, if you were to go get a job at a grocery store on your get a job at a grocery store on your get a job at a grocery store on your first day, they wouldn't just let you first day, they wouldn't just let you first day, they wouldn't just let you loose. They would say, "Hey, we're going loose. They would say, "Hey, we're going loose. They would say, "Hey, we're going to get you onboarded. Here's what you to get you onboarded. Here's what you to get you onboarded. Here's what you do. Here's what you wear. You know, here do. Here's what you wear. You know, here do. Here's what you wear. You know, here is specific tasks you do." So, here is specific tasks you do." So, here is specific tasks you do." So, here we're telling the agent, you're working

[6:38] we're telling the agent, you're working we're telling the agent, you're working inside the WAT framework, which stands inside the WAT framework, which stands inside the WAT framework, which stands for workflows, agents, and tools. We for workflows, agents, and tools. We for workflows, agents, and tools. We have three layers. The first one is have three layers. The first one is have three layers. The first one is workflows, which are the instructions. workflows, which are the instructions. workflows, which are the instructions. The second one is agents, which is you, The second one is agents, which is you, The second one is agents, which is you, the decision maker. And the third one is the decision maker. And the third one is the decision maker. And the third one is tools, which are the executions. So we tools, which are the executions. So we tools, which are the executions. So we talk about why this matters. The AI talk about why this matters. The AI talk about why this matters. The AI tries to handle every step directly. tries to handle every step directly. tries to handle every step directly. Accuracy drops fast. So if each step is Accuracy drops fast. So if each step is Accuracy drops fast. So if each step is 90% accurate, then you're down to 59% 90% accurate, then you're down to 59% 90% accurate, then you're down to 59% success after just five steps. So success after just five steps. So success after just five steps. So basically, we're just explaining why basically, we're just explaining why basically, we're just explaining why we're doing it like this. We then talk we're doing it like this. We then talk we're doing it like this. We then talk about how to operate. So you look for about how to operate. So you look for about how to operate. So you look for existing tools first. You learn and existing tools first. You learn and existing tools first. You learn and adapt when things fail. You keep your adapt when things fail. You keep your adapt when things fail. You keep your workflows current. Blah blah blah. We've workflows current. Blah blah blah. We've

[7:08] workflows current. Blah blah blah. We've got a self-improvement loop. And then got a self-improvement loop. And then got a self-improvement loop. And then we've also got a file structure. So, we've also got a file structure. So, we've also got a file structure. So, like I said, Claude Code when we're like I said, Claude Code when we're like I said, Claude Code when we're working with it is going to create working with it is going to create working with it is going to create files. It's going to create tools. It's files. It's going to create tools. It's files. It's going to create tools. It's going to create maybe temporary docs to going to create maybe temporary docs to going to create maybe temporary docs to look at notepads. And when it does this, look at notepads. And when it does this, look at notepads. And when it does this, it adds them on the lefthand side. So, it adds them on the lefthand side. So, it adds them on the lefthand side. So, if we don't tell Claude how to organize if we don't tell Claude how to organize if we don't tell Claude how to organize its files, it's going to get messy quick its files, it's going to get messy quick its files, it's going to get messy quick to the point where I don't understand to the point where I don't understand to the point where I don't understand where things are, and neither does where things are, and neither does where things are, and neither does Claude code. So, we're just giving it a Claude code. So, we're just giving it a Claude code. So, we're just giving it a nice structure for workflows, tools, nice structure for workflows, tools, nice structure for workflows, tools, temporary files, things like that. And temporary files, things like that. And temporary files, things like that. And so, obviously, you guys can read this so, obviously, you guys can read this so, obviously, you guys can read this whole thing. I don't want to spend time whole thing. I don't want to spend time whole thing. I don't want to spend time reading this line by line. Really the reading this line by line. Really the reading this line by line. Really the moral of the story here is this helps moral of the story here is this helps moral of the story here is this helps Cloud Code understand the framework that

[7:38] Cloud Code understand the framework that Cloud Code understand the framework that we want to use, how to build workflows, we want to use, how to build workflows, we want to use, how to build workflows, so that when I'm talking to it, we're on so that when I'm talking to it, we're on so that when I'm talking to it, we're on the same page. All right, so what we the same page. All right, so what we the same page. All right, so what we want to do now is have Cloud Code read want to do now is have Cloud Code read want to do now is have Cloud Code read that and then set up our actual file that and then set up our actual file that and then set up our actual file structure. But before that, I wanted to structure. But before that, I wanted to structure. But before that, I wanted to show you guys one thing at the bottom show you guys one thing at the bottom show you guys one thing at the bottom when you're talking to Cloud Code, which when you're talking to Cloud Code, which when you're talking to Cloud Code, which is the mode. So you can be on ask before is the mode. So you can be on ask before is the mode. So you can be on ask before edits, you can be on edit automatically, edits, you can be on edit automatically, edits, you can be on edit automatically, you can be on plan mode, and you can be you can be on plan mode, and you can be you can be on plan mode, and you can be on bypass permissions. So all of that on bypass permissions. So all of that on bypass permissions. So all of that just gives Claud code a different level just gives Claud code a different level just gives Claud code a different level of autonomy. If you don't want it to do of autonomy. If you don't want it to do of autonomy. If you don't want it to do anything and you just want to make a anything and you just want to make a anything and you just want to make a plan, you start with plan mode. And this plan, you start with plan mode. And this plan, you start with plan mode. And this is really important. And I'll show you is really important. And I'll show you is really important. And I'll show you guys how this works. If you wanted to guys how this works. If you wanted to guys how this works. If you wanted to ask for edits, you can have it do that. ask for edits, you can have it do that. ask for edits, you can have it do that. If you want it to just edit If you want it to just edit If you want it to just edit automatically, you can have it do that.

[8:08] automatically, you can have it do that. automatically, you can have it do that. Or if you want to have it just bypass Or if you want to have it just bypass Or if you want to have it just bypass permissions and just completely go, then permissions and just completely go, then permissions and just completely go, then you choose that. Now, if you don't see you choose that. Now, if you don't see you choose that. Now, if you don't see this option in yours, you have to go to this option in yours, you have to go to this option in yours, you have to go to your settings and then you'll type in your settings and then you'll type in your settings and then you'll type in claude code and then you will enable claude code and then you will enable claude code and then you will enable allow dangerously skip permissions. And allow dangerously skip permissions. And allow dangerously skip permissions. And I only really like to do this if I'm I only really like to do this if I'm I only really like to do this if I'm sitting next to Claude watching it work. sitting next to Claude watching it work. sitting next to Claude watching it work. And if I realize it's going off track, I And if I realize it's going off track, I And if I realize it's going off track, I can just kind of poke it and steer it can just kind of poke it and steer it can just kind of poke it and steer it back in the right direction. So, now back in the right direction. So, now back in the right direction. So, now that we've covered that, I'm going to be that we've covered that, I'm going to be that we've covered that, I'm going to be on bypass permissions mode and I'm going on bypass permissions mode and I'm going on bypass permissions mode and I'm going to say, "Hey Claude, I just gave you a to say, "Hey Claude, I just gave you a to say, "Hey Claude, I just gave you a claude.md file. I want you to go ahead claude.md file. I want you to go ahead claude.md file. I want you to go ahead and set up this project so that we're and set up this project so that we're and set up this project so that we're ready to go. We're ready to build aic ready to go. We're ready to build aic ready to go. We're ready to build aic workflows together. So as I shoot that workflows together. So as I shoot that workflows together. So as I shoot that off, you can see that this is very

[8:38] off, you can see that this is very off, you can see that this is very similar to chatbt except for in here we similar to chatbt except for in here we similar to chatbt except for in here we can see everything that it's thinking can see everything that it's thinking can see everything that it's thinking and doing. So let's just start from the and doing. So let's just start from the and doing. So let's just start from the top. It says, "Okay, cool. Let me read top. It says, "Okay, cool. Let me read top. It says, "Okay, cool. Let me read the cloud. Mmd file to understand the the cloud. Mmd file to understand the the cloud. Mmd file to understand the project setup requirements." And then we project setup requirements." And then we project setup requirements." And then we can see it actually did this action. It can see it actually did this action. It can see it actually did this action. It read it read this file that lives here. read it read this file that lives here. read it read this file that lives here. And now it said, "Okay, cool. I And now it said, "Okay, cool. I And now it said, "Okay, cool. I understand the WAT framework. Let me understand the WAT framework. Let me understand the WAT framework. Let me check what already exists in the check what already exists in the check what already exists in the project. And then I'll set up the project. And then I'll set up the project. And then I'll set up the required structure." As you can see, it required structure." As you can see, it required structure." As you can see, it then goes to list the current project then goes to list the current project then goes to list the current project contents. And there's nothing. The contents. And there's nothing. The contents. And there's nothing. The product is empty except for the claw.md product is empty except for the claw.md product is empty except for the claw.md file. Let me set up the right structure. file. Let me set up the right structure. file. Let me set up the right structure. As you can see, it creates a to-do list. As you can see, it creates a to-do list. As you can see, it creates a to-do list. It thinks, it searches, it updates the It thinks, it searches, it updates the It thinks, it searches, it updates the to-dos, and it basically goes through

[9:08] to-dos, and it basically goes through to-dos, and it basically goes through this step-by-step process that you can this step-by-step process that you can this step-by-step process that you can have full visibility into and see what have full visibility into and see what have full visibility into and see what it's doing, see how it's thinking until it's doing, see how it's thinking until it's doing, see how it's thinking until we're done. So, now it looks like the we're done. So, now it looks like the we're done. So, now it looks like the to-dos are pretty much all the way done. to-dos are pretty much all the way done. to-dos are pretty much all the way done. And it's going to come back and say, And it's going to come back and say, And it's going to come back and say, "Nice, we're all set up. What do you "Nice, we're all set up. What do you "Nice, we're all set up. What do you want me to do next?" And you can want me to do next?" And you can want me to do next?" And you can actually see in real time on the lefth actually see in real time on the lefth actually see in real time on the lefth hand side, we now have different files. hand side, we now have different files. hand side, we now have different files. We've got our temporary folder, we've We've got our temporary folder, we've We've got our temporary folder, we've got our tools folder, we've got our got our tools folder, we've got our got our tools folder, we've got our workflows. Obviously, there's nothing in workflows. Obviously, there's nothing in workflows. Obviously, there's nothing in these yet besides just some read me and these yet besides just some read me and these yet besides just some read me and some basic stuff, but that's why we gave some basic stuff, but that's why we gave some basic stuff, but that's why we gave it this folder structure so that it it this folder structure so that it it this folder structure so that it keeps it organized and it doesn't just keeps it organized and it doesn't just keeps it organized and it doesn't just throw a bunch of things in a random throw a bunch of things in a random throw a bunch of things in a random order. Cool. So, it says ready to build order. Cool. So, it says ready to build order. Cool. So, it says ready to build a workflow. Let me know what you want to a workflow. Let me know what you want to a workflow. Let me know what you want to accomplish. Awesome. So, we're all set

[9:38] accomplish. Awesome. So, we're all set accomplish. Awesome. So, we're all set up. Let's actually start talking about up. Let's actually start talking about up. Let's actually start talking about the workflow that we want to build. So, the workflow that we want to build. So, the workflow that we want to build. So, what I've got is this list of remote what I've got is this list of remote what I've got is this list of remote jobs. So, I searched for social media. jobs. So, I searched for social media. jobs. So, I searched for social media. There's 622 remote jobs. And let's say I There's 622 remote jobs. And let's say I There's 622 remote jobs. And let's say I want to apply to all of these. Well, want to apply to all of these. Well, want to apply to all of these. Well, that would be really tough to log all of that would be really tough to log all of that would be really tough to log all of these manually. And there's multiple these manually. And there's multiple these manually. And there's multiple pages. There's 21 pages of these jobs. pages. There's 21 pages of these jobs. pages. There's 21 pages of these jobs. So, what we can do is we can have Claude So, what we can do is we can have Claude So, what we can do is we can have Claude code look at this stuff, get all the code look at this stuff, get all the code look at this stuff, get all the jobs we need, and then put it into an jobs we need, and then put it into an jobs we need, and then put it into an Excel sheet for us. And for this, we're Excel sheet for us. And for this, we're Excel sheet for us. And for this, we're going to be using a tool called going to be using a tool called going to be using a tool called Firecrawl. Firecrawl lets us do tons of Firecrawl. Firecrawl lets us do tons of Firecrawl. Firecrawl lets us do tons of different actions, and it lets us different actions, and it lets us different actions, and it lets us basically take a website like McDonald's basically take a website like McDonald's basically take a website like McDonald's right here. I can drop in the URL, and I

[10:08] right here. I can drop in the URL, and I right here. I can drop in the URL, and I can ask for a scrape, and it's going to can ask for a scrape, and it's going to can ask for a scrape, and it's going to go ahead and grab all of the information go ahead and grab all of the information go ahead and grab all of the information from that website. So, in this case, I from that website. So, in this case, I from that website. So, in this case, I just requested markdown, and it just just requested markdown, and it just just requested markdown, and it just pulls back all of the text from the pulls back all of the text from the pulls back all of the text from the website. As you can see, it is a lot website. As you can see, it is a lot website. As you can see, it is a lot more powerful than that. It can turn more powerful than that. It can turn more powerful than that. It can turn websites into LLM ready data. Whether websites into LLM ready data. Whether websites into LLM ready data. Whether that's scraping the data, getting that's scraping the data, getting that's scraping the data, getting screenshots, mapping the data, crawling screenshots, mapping the data, crawling screenshots, mapping the data, crawling the data, searching, extracting. There's the data, searching, extracting. There's the data, searching, extracting. There's a lot of different things that we can do a lot of different things that we can do a lot of different things that we can do with firecall. Now, the thing is we want with firecall. Now, the thing is we want with firecall. Now, the thing is we want to just say, hey, cloud code, use to just say, hey, cloud code, use to just say, hey, cloud code, use firecrawl. Just go after it. Use firecrawl. Just go after it. Use firecrawl. Just go after it. Use whatever the different tools that whatever the different tools that whatever the different tools that firewall offers in order to accomplish firewall offers in order to accomplish firewall offers in order to accomplish the job that I've got for you. And so, the job that I've got for you. And so, the job that I've got for you. And so, we do this using a framework called MCP,

[10:38] we do this using a framework called MCP, we do this using a framework called MCP, which stands for model context protocol. which stands for model context protocol. which stands for model context protocol. Now, I know that this may just sound Now, I know that this may just sound Now, I know that this may just sound like some tech jargon or some gibberish. like some tech jargon or some gibberish. like some tech jargon or some gibberish. So, let's try to contextualize this a So, let's try to contextualize this a So, let's try to contextualize this a little bit. Think about Gmail for little bit. Think about Gmail for little bit. Think about Gmail for example. In Gmail, you've got an action example. In Gmail, you've got an action example. In Gmail, you've got an action to send an email. You've got an action to send an email. You've got an action to send an email. You've got an action to draft an email. You've got an action to draft an email. You've got an action to draft an email. You've got an action to get a bunch of emails. There's so to get a bunch of emails. There's so to get a bunch of emails. There's so many different tools within that tool. many different tools within that tool. many different tools within that tool. So, MCP basically says, "Okay, cool." So, MCP basically says, "Okay, cool." So, MCP basically says, "Okay, cool." The agent is going to figure out how to The agent is going to figure out how to The agent is going to figure out how to use all the tools, when to use all of use all the tools, when to use all of use all the tools, when to use all of them, what parameters to fill over, all them, what parameters to fill over, all them, what parameters to fill over, all that kind of stuff, so that you, the that kind of stuff, so that you, the that kind of stuff, so that you, the human, don't have to think about that. human, don't have to think about that. human, don't have to think about that. So, if we go back to our example of So, if we go back to our example of So, if we go back to our example of making a cake, let's say we realize, making a cake, let's say we realize, making a cake, let's say we realize, okay, so for this cake, we need eggs, okay, so for this cake, we need eggs, okay, so for this cake, we need eggs, flour, and frosting. Okay. Well, how do

[11:09] flour, and frosting. Okay. Well, how do flour, and frosting. Okay. Well, how do we do that? Well, let's just give our we do that? Well, let's just give our we do that? Well, let's just give our agent access to the supermarket MCP and agent access to the supermarket MCP and agent access to the supermarket MCP and say, "Okay, whenever you need a new say, "Okay, whenever you need a new say, "Okay, whenever you need a new ingredient, just go to the supermarket ingredient, just go to the supermarket ingredient, just go to the supermarket MCP, grab what you need. I don't really MCP, grab what you need. I don't really MCP, grab what you need. I don't really care. Just figure it out and then come care. Just figure it out and then come care. Just figure it out and then come back with the right ingredients." Rather back with the right ingredients." Rather back with the right ingredients." Rather than saying, "Okay, cool. So, like eggs, than saying, "Okay, cool. So, like eggs, than saying, "Okay, cool. So, like eggs, let's go to the egg store. Flour, let's let's go to the egg store. Flour, let's let's go to the egg store. Flour, let's go to the flower store. Frosting, let me go to the flower store. Frosting, let me go to the flower store. Frosting, let me go to the candy store." We're just going go to the candy store." We're just going go to the candy store." We're just going to get everything in one spot. And to get everything in one spot. And to get everything in one spot. And that's the power of MCP. So, in that's the power of MCP. So, in that's the power of MCP. So, in Firewalls docs, you can see that they Firewalls docs, you can see that they Firewalls docs, you can see that they have an MCP server, which is amazing. have an MCP server, which is amazing. have an MCP server, which is amazing. And this lets us get stuff like web And this lets us get stuff like web And this lets us get stuff like web scraping, crawling, searching, all this scraping, crawling, searching, all this scraping, crawling, searching, all this kind of stuff that we want in any of the kind of stuff that we want in any of the kind of stuff that we want in any of the tools that we want to use. So right here

[11:39] tools that we want to use. So right here tools that we want to use. So right here I can click on running on cloud code and I can click on running on cloud code and I can click on running on cloud code and this shows us how to add the firewall this shows us how to add the firewall this shows us how to add the firewall MCP server using the cloud code. So what MCP server using the cloud code. So what MCP server using the cloud code. So what I'm going to do is go ahead and copy I'm going to do is go ahead and copy I'm going to do is go ahead and copy this message right here. I'm going to this message right here. I'm going to this message right here. I'm going to come into cloud code and I'm going to come into cloud code and I'm going to come into cloud code and I'm going to clear out this conversation history and clear out this conversation history and clear out this conversation history and I'm going to say hey claude I want you I'm going to say hey claude I want you I'm going to say hey claude I want you to help me install the firecrawl mcp to help me install the firecrawl mcp to help me install the firecrawl mcp server. You need to install it using server. You need to install it using server. You need to install it using this command in the cloud code. And then this command in the cloud code. And then this command in the cloud code. And then I paste in that command. Now what you'll I paste in that command. Now what you'll I paste in that command. Now what you'll notice here is that it's prompting us notice here is that it's prompting us notice here is that it's prompting us for our API key. And so an API key is for our API key. And so an API key is for our API key. And so an API key is basically like a password. And I don't basically like a password. And I don't basically like a password. And I don't actually want to give it to cloud code. actually want to give it to cloud code. actually want to give it to cloud code. I don't want my API key to be stored in

[12:09] I don't want my API key to be stored in I don't want my API key to be stored in the conversation history of cloud code. the conversation history of cloud code. the conversation history of cloud code. I want to just put it into the file or I want to just put it into the file or I want to just put it into the file or into the project locally myself just to into the project locally myself just to into the project locally myself just to do it a bit more secure. So I'm going to do it a bit more secure. So I'm going to do it a bit more secure. So I'm going to say go ahead and get this initialized say go ahead and get this initialized say go ahead and get this initialized but I'm not going to give you my API key but I'm not going to give you my API key but I'm not going to give you my API key directly. I'm going to put it into the directly. I'm going to put it into the directly. I'm going to put it into the EMV file. So help me get that set up as EMV file. So help me get that set up as EMV file. So help me get that set up as well. So I shoot off that message. It's well. So I shoot off that message. It's well. So I shoot off that message. It's going to think about how to actually going to think about how to actually going to think about how to actually help me set all this up. So it's help me set all this up. So it's help me set all this up. So it's checking in on the existing file. It's checking in on the existing file. It's checking in on the existing file. It's checking in on our project checking in on our project checking in on our project configuration. And then it's going to configuration. And then it's going to configuration. And then it's going to help us actually do this. Okay. So it help us actually do this. Okay. So it help us actually do this. Okay. So it said that I've added the API key said that I've added the API key said that I've added the API key placeholder to your file. Now you just placeholder to your file. Now you just placeholder to your file. Now you just need to add it there. So the env files

[12:39] need to add it there. So the env files need to add it there. So the env files on this lefth hand side. I'm going to on this lefth hand side. I'm going to on this lefth hand side. I'm going to open that up and you can see now it says open that up and you can see now it says open that up and you can see now it says cool firewall MCP server. Put in your cool firewall MCP server. Put in your cool firewall MCP server. Put in your API key right here. So I'm going to API key right here. So I'm going to API key right here. So I'm going to delete this. I'm going to go into delete this. I'm going to go into delete this. I'm going to go into firecrawl and I'm going to go to my firecrawl and I'm going to go to my firecrawl and I'm going to go to my dashboard. So if you haven't already dashboard. So if you haven't already dashboard. So if you haven't already sign up for firecrawl you can get sign up for firecrawl you can get sign up for firecrawl you can get started for free and you can get 500 started for free and you can get 500 started for free and you can get 500 credits right away which is more than credits right away which is more than credits right away which is more than enough to play around with. And then you enough to play around with. And then you enough to play around with. And then you can see right here API key. So I'm going can see right here API key. So I'm going can see right here API key. So I'm going to copy this. I'm going to paste it to copy this. I'm going to paste it to copy this. I'm going to paste it right here into the actual MV file. And right here into the actual MV file. And right here into the actual MV file. And then I'm going to go to file and save then I'm going to go to file and save then I'm going to go to file and save this to make sure that it actually gets this to make sure that it actually gets this to make sure that it actually gets saved on our project. And then you can saved on our project. And then you can saved on our project. And then you can see it says then run the MCP add see it says then run the MCP add see it says then run the MCP add command. And it gives me all this command. And it gives me all this command. And it gives me all this reasons and I actually don't understand

[13:09] reasons and I actually don't understand reasons and I actually don't understand what this means. So I'm just going to what this means. So I'm just going to what this means. So I'm just going to ask it to see if it can do it itself. I ask it to see if it can do it itself. I ask it to see if it can do it itself. I don't exactly understand how to do that. don't exactly understand how to do that. don't exactly understand how to do that. I have added my firewall API key to the I have added my firewall API key to the I have added my firewall API key to the ENV file. Would you be able to actually ENV file. Would you be able to actually ENV file. Would you be able to actually just run this command to make sure we just run this command to make sure we just run this command to make sure we can install the Firecol MCP server? can install the Firecol MCP server? can install the Firecol MCP server? Okay. So went ahead and installed the Okay. So went ahead and installed the Okay. So went ahead and installed the MCP server. Now something I did want to MCP server. Now something I did want to MCP server. Now something I did want to bring up is that when it actually runs bring up is that when it actually runs bring up is that when it actually runs that command with this bash operation, that command with this bash operation, that command with this bash operation, it does put in the API key right here it does put in the API key right here it does put in the API key right here which technically will be stored in which technically will be stored in which technically will be stored in conversation history. So, in this case, conversation history. So, in this case, conversation history. So, in this case, we're fine because this is a free key. we're fine because this is a free key. we're fine because this is a free key. It doesn't have much access, and I'm It doesn't have much access, and I'm It doesn't have much access, and I'm probably just going to rotate it right probably just going to rotate it right probably just going to rotate it right after this video. So, what you would

[13:39] after this video. So, what you would after this video. So, what you would want to do in an environment where you want to do in an environment where you want to do in an environment where you have a key that has a lot of risk is you have a key that has a lot of risk is you have a key that has a lot of risk is you would want to have Cloud Code just walk would want to have Cloud Code just walk would want to have Cloud Code just walk you through how you can run it in your you through how you can run it in your you through how you can run it in your own terminal in order to make sure that own terminal in order to make sure that own terminal in order to make sure that Claude never actually touches the key. Claude never actually touches the key. Claude never actually touches the key. But still, best practice, always store But still, best practice, always store But still, best practice, always store them in AENV. That way, if you ever are them in AENV. That way, if you ever are them in AENV. That way, if you ever are pushing something to a public repository pushing something to a public repository pushing something to a public repository anywhere or someone gets access to your anywhere or someone gets access to your anywhere or someone gets access to your files, then that's all going to be files, then that's all going to be files, then that's all going to be encrypted. So, now we are pretty much encrypted. So, now we are pretty much encrypted. So, now we are pretty much set up for actually starting to build set up for actually starting to build set up for actually starting to build this agentic workflow. So, I'm going to this agentic workflow. So, I'm going to this agentic workflow. So, I'm going to do a slashclear, start a new do a slashclear, start a new do a slashclear, start a new conversation. And what we're going to do conversation. And what we're going to do conversation. And what we're going to do is, like I said earlier, we're just is, like I said earlier, we're just is, like I said earlier, we're just going to explain in super clear natural going to explain in super clear natural going to explain in super clear natural language what we want. So, I'm going to

[14:09] language what we want. So, I'm going to language what we want. So, I'm going to go ahead and switch this to plan mode, go ahead and switch this to plan mode, go ahead and switch this to plan mode, which I would always recommend doing which I would always recommend doing which I would always recommend doing before you actually start building an before you actually start building an before you actually start building an agentic workflow. I'm going to go back agentic workflow. I'm going to go back agentic workflow. I'm going to go back into this tab and I'm going to grab the into this tab and I'm going to grab the into this tab and I'm going to grab the URL from this page where we have 622 job URL from this page where we have 622 job URL from this page where we have 622 job opportunities here for social media. opportunities here for social media. opportunities here for social media. Coming back into Cloud Code, I'm just Coming back into Cloud Code, I'm just Coming back into Cloud Code, I'm just going to start talking to it. So, I'm going to start talking to it. So, I'm going to start talking to it. So, I'm going to paste in this URL and I'm going going to paste in this URL and I'm going going to paste in this URL and I'm going to say, "Hey Claude, I just gave you a to say, "Hey Claude, I just gave you a to say, "Hey Claude, I just gave you a URL for a website that has a bunch of URL for a website that has a bunch of URL for a website that has a bunch of job opportunities. There are about 622 job opportunities. There are about 622 job opportunities. There are about 622 job opportunities here, but they're job opportunities here, but they're job opportunities here, but they're spread across different pages. So, spread across different pages. So, spread across different pages. So, there's like 21 total pages. And what I there's like 21 total pages. And what I there's like 21 total pages. And what I want you to do is go ahead and scrape want you to do is go ahead and scrape want you to do is go ahead and scrape all of those for me, and I just want you

[14:39] all of those for me, and I just want you all of those for me, and I just want you to put those into an Excel sheet so that to put those into an Excel sheet so that to put those into an Excel sheet so that I can actually look through them, you I can actually look through them, you I can actually look through them, you know, do things with them. Make sure know, do things with them. Make sure know, do things with them. Make sure you're getting all of the relevant you're getting all of the relevant you're getting all of the relevant fields that I may want. So, that's kind fields that I may want. So, that's kind fields that I may want. So, that's kind of my overall plan. Let me know if you of my overall plan. Let me know if you of my overall plan. Let me know if you can help me make that project can help me make that project can help me make that project requirement more robust, and you can requirement more robust, and you can requirement more robust, and you can feel free to ask me any questions that feel free to ask me any questions that feel free to ask me any questions that you may have for me to make sure that we you may have for me to make sure that we you may have for me to make sure that we can build out this workflow in a really can build out this workflow in a really can build out this workflow in a really high quality way. So, just shot that off high quality way. So, just shot that off high quality way. So, just shot that off in plan mode. So, it's going to do a lot in plan mode. So, it's going to do a lot in plan mode. So, it's going to do a lot of thinking. It's going to reason about of thinking. It's going to reason about of thinking. It's going to reason about like the way that we should actually do like the way that we should actually do like the way that we should actually do this. Hopefully, it understands that it this. Hopefully, it understands that it this. Hopefully, it understands that it can use Firecall's MCP server. As you can use Firecall's MCP server. As you can use Firecall's MCP server. As you can see, it's searching that right here. can see, it's searching that right here. can see, it's searching that right here. And then what it's going to do is it's And then what it's going to do is it's And then what it's going to do is it's going to come back to us with tons of going to come back to us with tons of going to come back to us with tons of questions, I'm sure. And then it's also

[15:10] questions, I'm sure. And then it's also questions, I'm sure. And then it's also going to come back to us with a plan. going to come back to us with a plan. going to come back to us with a plan. So, once I'm able to approve that plan, So, once I'm able to approve that plan, So, once I'm able to approve that plan, it will start actually building the it will start actually building the it will start actually building the workflows and the tools for us. All workflows and the tools for us. All workflows and the tools for us. All right. So, here we are with our first right. So, here we are with our first right. So, here we are with our first round of questions. Do you want me to round of questions. Do you want me to round of questions. Do you want me to also scrape each individual job detail also scrape each individual job detail also scrape each individual job detail for more complete info like company for more complete info like company for more complete info like company name, full description, benefits, or name, full description, benefits, or name, full description, benefits, or just the listing? So for the for right just the listing? So for the for right just the listing? So for the for right now, we're just going to go with the now, we're just going to go with the now, we're just going to go with the actual listing. For the output location, actual listing. For the output location, actual listing. For the output location, can we So output location, it says where can we So output location, it says where can we So output location, it says where should I save the Excel file. I'm just should I save the Excel file. I'm just should I save the Excel file. I'm just going to go ahead and do a local in the going to go ahead and do a local in the going to go ahead and do a local in the temporary folder, which we've created temporary folder, which we've created temporary folder, which we've created right over here. So I'll choose that. right over here. So I'll choose that. right over here. So I'll choose that. And then for filtering, do you want any And then for filtering, do you want any And then for filtering, do you want any filters applied or should I grab all 622

[15:40] filters applied or should I grab all 622 filters applied or should I grab all 622 job posts? Now, what I'm going to say job posts? Now, what I'm going to say job posts? Now, what I'm going to say here is other and I'm going to go ahead here is other and I'm going to go ahead here is other and I'm going to go ahead and grab all the jobs, but I'm doing and grab all the jobs, but I'm doing and grab all the jobs, but I'm doing this as a demo for how to build an this as a demo for how to build an this as a demo for how to build an agentic workflow. So just go ahead and agentic workflow. So just go ahead and agentic workflow. So just go ahead and grab only 200 for now just to prove that grab only 200 for now just to prove that grab only 200 for now just to prove that this concept works. So, I've submitted this concept works. So, I've submitted this concept works. So, I've submitted those answers and now you can see it's those answers and now you can see it's those answers and now you can see it's going to keep on going with its plan. going to keep on going with its plan. going to keep on going with its plan. So, we just got back this plan. I'm So, we just got back this plan. I'm So, we just got back this plan. I'm going to go ahead and give this a quick going to go ahead and give this a quick going to go ahead and give this a quick review, but also for the sake of the review, but also for the sake of the review, but also for the sake of the demo, I want to see how well it did on demo, I want to see how well it did on demo, I want to see how well it did on the first shot. So, realistically, what the first shot. So, realistically, what the first shot. So, realistically, what I would do is I would go ahead and read I would do is I would go ahead and read I would do is I would go ahead and read this whole thing, and if there were any this whole thing, and if there were any this whole thing, and if there were any adjustments to be made, I would go ahead adjustments to be made, I would go ahead adjustments to be made, I would go ahead and make those. But what you can see is and make those. But what you can see is and make those. But what you can see is it gave us a pretty comprehensive plan

[16:10] it gave us a pretty comprehensive plan it gave us a pretty comprehensive plan of what it's going to do. It's going to of what it's going to do. It's going to of what it's going to do. It's going to create a tool called scrape daily create a tool called scrape daily create a tool called scrape daily remote. It's going to create a workflow remote. It's going to create a workflow remote. It's going to create a workflow called scrape job listings, and then called scrape job listings, and then called scrape job listings, and then it's going to actually execute that it's going to actually execute that it's going to actually execute that scrape and get us all this information. scrape and get us all this information. scrape and get us all this information. So, I'm going to go ahead and say yes So, I'm going to go ahead and say yes So, I'm going to go ahead and say yes and auto accept. So, it just spun up and auto accept. So, it just spun up and auto accept. So, it just spun up that to-do list. It's going to start that to-do list. It's going to start that to-do list. It's going to start going and I'll check in with you guys going and I'll check in with you guys going and I'll check in with you guys when that's done. All right, that just when that's done. All right, that just when that's done. All right, that just finished up. We can see that we got 209 finished up. We can see that we got 209 finished up. We can see that we got 209 done. We have different metrics here. We done. We have different metrics here. We done. We have different metrics here. We have different locations and also have different locations and also have different locations and also created a tool and a workflow. So, if I created a tool and a workflow. So, if I created a tool and a workflow. So, if I open up this folder, we can see we now open up this folder, we can see we now open up this folder, we can see we now have a scrape daily remote jobs tool. have a scrape daily remote jobs tool. have a scrape daily remote jobs tool. And in the workflows, we now have a And in the workflows, we now have a And in the workflows, we now have a scrape job listings workflow. So, scrape job listings workflow. So, scrape job listings workflow. So, basically meaning next time we ask it to

[16:41] basically meaning next time we ask it to basically meaning next time we ask it to scrape jobs, it's going to be able to do scrape jobs, it's going to be able to do scrape jobs, it's going to be able to do it better and it has more direction it better and it has more direction it better and it has more direction because it's already done it. And if it because it's already done it. And if it because it's already done it. And if it has any mistakes, it will update the has any mistakes, it will update the has any mistakes, it will update the workflows and the tools so that the next workflows and the tools so that the next workflows and the tools so that the next time it's even better. But let's go time it's even better. But let's go time it's even better. But let's go ahead and take a look at the output. So, ahead and take a look at the output. So, ahead and take a look at the output. So, it said that it stored it in the it said that it stored it in the it said that it stored it in the temporary file. So, right here, temp. temporary file. So, right here, temp. temporary file. So, right here, temp. And we've got social media jobs, Excel. And we've got social media jobs, Excel. And we've got social media jobs, Excel. All right. So, this is the Excel sheet All right. So, this is the Excel sheet All right. So, this is the Excel sheet that it created for me. I'm going to go that it created for me. I'm going to go that it created for me. I'm going to go ahead and zoom out a little bit so we ahead and zoom out a little bit so we ahead and zoom out a little bit so we can see. But, it's got like different can see. But, it's got like different can see. But, it's got like different filters on here already, which is pretty filters on here already, which is pretty filters on here already, which is pretty cool that it did all this itself. We've cool that it did all this itself. We've cool that it did all this itself. We've got job title, we've got job type, got job title, we've got job type, got job title, we've got job type, position, location, experience, position, location, experience, position, location, experience, category, salary, description, summary,

[17:11] category, salary, description, summary, category, salary, description, summary, tags, we've got the actual URL, and tags, we've got the actual URL, and tags, we've got the actual URL, and that's pretty much it. And like it said, that's pretty much it. And like it said, that's pretty much it. And like it said, it was able to get us, I think it said it was able to get us, I think it said it was able to get us, I think it said 209. So, yep, this is 209 total job 209. So, yep, this is 209 total job 209. So, yep, this is 209 total job postings just like that. So, we're going postings just like that. So, we're going postings just like that. So, we're going to go ahead and try a different use case to go ahead and try a different use case to go ahead and try a different use case now that uses the firewall MCP. But what now that uses the firewall MCP. But what now that uses the firewall MCP. But what I wanted to show you guys is down here I wanted to show you guys is down here I wanted to show you guys is down here we have context. So, it says 45% of your we have context. So, it says 45% of your we have context. So, it says 45% of your context is remaining until it will auto context is remaining until it will auto context is remaining until it will auto compact. And so, you guys have might compact. And so, you guys have might compact. And so, you guys have might have heard of something called context have heard of something called context have heard of something called context rot. That basically just means the more rot. That basically just means the more rot. That basically just means the more context that you have in a conversation context that you have in a conversation context that you have in a conversation history with an AI model, the worse it history with an AI model, the worse it history with an AI model, the worse it kind of gets. So, typically whenever my kind of gets. So, typically whenever my kind of gets. So, typically whenever my context gets over 60, I'll probably just

[17:42] context gets over 60, I'll probably just context gets over 60, I'll probably just compact it or reset and then keep going. compact it or reset and then keep going. compact it or reset and then keep going. So, what I'm going to do is I'm just So, what I'm going to do is I'm just So, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to go ahead and click this right going to go ahead and click this right going to go ahead and click this right now, and it's going to compact our now, and it's going to compact our now, and it's going to compact our workflow and all of our conversation workflow and all of our conversation workflow and all of our conversation history. So, we can keep going, but it history. So, we can keep going, but it history. So, we can keep going, but it still remembers the important things still remembers the important things still remembers the important things that we've done. All right, so that's that we've done. All right, so that's that we've done. All right, so that's been compacted. So, it basically just been compacted. So, it basically just been compacted. So, it basically just summarized everything that we've done. summarized everything that we've done. summarized everything that we've done. So, let's try something else now. Let me So, let's try something else now. Let me So, let's try something else now. Let me look at this same website, but now look at this same website, but now look at this same website, but now there's no search filter. So, there's there's no search filter. So, there's there's no search filter. So, there's 214,000 jobs. I'm just going to take the 214,000 jobs. I'm just going to take the 214,000 jobs. I'm just going to take the URL and I'm going to go into Cloud Code URL and I'm going to go into Cloud Code URL and I'm going to go into Cloud Code and say, "Hey, Claude, I've got this URL and say, "Hey, Claude, I've got this URL and say, "Hey, Claude, I've got this URL that I need help with. I want you to that I need help with. I want you to that I need help with. I want you to basically be able to scrape this. I want basically be able to scrape this. I want basically be able to scrape this. I want jobs that are sales opportunities or

[18:14] jobs that are sales opportunities or jobs that are sales opportunities or sales jobs and I want to look just in sales jobs and I want to look just in sales jobs and I want to look just in Europe. Scrape all of this. I want to Europe. Scrape all of this. I want to Europe. Scrape all of this. I want to get like 500 jobs back and put it in a get like 500 jobs back and put it in a get like 500 jobs back and put it in a nicely formatted Excel sheet for me. nicely formatted Excel sheet for me. nicely formatted Excel sheet for me. Now, this time what I'm going to do is Now, this time what I'm going to do is Now, this time what I'm going to do is we're just going to go ahead and do we're just going to go ahead and do we're just going to go ahead and do bypass permissions. And like I said, bypass permissions. And like I said, bypass permissions. And like I said, normally you want to go on plan mode. normally you want to go on plan mode. normally you want to go on plan mode. You want to ask questions, but I just You want to ask questions, but I just You want to ask questions, but I just want to show you guys what this might want to show you guys what this might want to show you guys what this might look like with a pretty vague prompt and look like with a pretty vague prompt and look like with a pretty vague prompt and just letting clog code go after it. And just letting clog code go after it. And just letting clog code go after it. And hopefully it's able to do a better job hopefully it's able to do a better job hopefully it's able to do a better job now because it understands how it can now because it understands how it can now because it understands how it can scrape job listings and it has this tool scrape job listings and it has this tool scrape job listings and it has this tool and it may even have to create a new and it may even have to create a new and it may even have to create a new tool. So, let's just kind of let it run. tool. So, let's just kind of let it run. tool. So, let's just kind of let it run. I'm going to analyze what it's doing and I'm going to analyze what it's doing and I'm going to analyze what it's doing and then I'll report back once we see what then I'll report back once we see what then I'll report back once we see what it actually ended up doing and start off

[18:45] it actually ended up doing and start off it actually ended up doing and start off by saying, "Cool. I have a scraping tool by saying, "Cool. I have a scraping tool by saying, "Cool. I have a scraping tool from before that I can use." So, here's from before that I can use." So, here's from before that I can use." So, here's my plan. I'm going to scrape the sales my plan. I'm going to scrape the sales my plan. I'm going to scrape the sales jobs. I'm going to filter for Europe and jobs. I'm going to filter for Europe and jobs. I'm going to filter for Europe and then I'm going to export it all to an then I'm going to export it all to an then I'm going to export it all to an Excel sheet. It found 409 total sales Excel sheet. It found 409 total sales Excel sheet. It found 409 total sales jobs and now it has to filter for jobs and now it has to filter for jobs and now it has to filter for Europe. And when it did that, it Europe. And when it did that, it Europe. And when it did that, it basically found there's a limitation. basically found there's a limitation. basically found there's a limitation. There's only 52 sales jobs in Europe, There's only 52 sales jobs in Europe, There's only 52 sales jobs in Europe, but there are 409 total. So, let me but there are 409 total. So, let me but there are 409 total. So, let me check if including worldwide would help check if including worldwide would help check if including worldwide would help get closer to the goal. So, what's going get closer to the goal. So, what's going get closer to the goal. So, what's going on here? It has our natural language on here? It has our natural language on here? It has our natural language request which was that we wanted 500 request which was that we wanted 500 request which was that we wanted 500 sales jobs in Europe. And it realized, sales jobs in Europe. And it realized, sales jobs in Europe. And it realized, okay, this actually isn't going to work. okay, this actually isn't going to work. okay, this actually isn't going to work. Let me brainstorm and see what else I

[19:16] Let me brainstorm and see what else I Let me brainstorm and see what else I can do. And now you can see what it did can do. And now you can see what it did can do. And now you can see what it did is it asked us a question because it is it asked us a question because it is it asked us a question because it wants to help us reach our end goal wants to help us reach our end goal wants to help us reach our end goal better. So it says, do you want me to better. So it says, do you want me to better. So it says, do you want me to expand the search to get more jobs? We expand the search to get more jobs? We expand the search to get more jobs? We could either keep the 55 sales jobs in could either keep the 55 sales jobs in could either keep the 55 sales jobs in Europe, we could broaden it to all job Europe, we could broaden it to all job Europe, we could broaden it to all job types, or we could also do US-based types, or we could also do US-based types, or we could also do US-based sales jobs. So I'm just going to go add sales jobs. So I'm just going to go add sales jobs. So I'm just going to go add US jobs as well. And now it should keep US jobs as well. And now it should keep US jobs as well. And now it should keep going. And hopefully now you can also going. And hopefully now you can also going. And hopefully now you can also see why I wanted to give it a temporary see why I wanted to give it a temporary see why I wanted to give it a temporary folder because in this operation where folder because in this operation where folder because in this operation where it's running into a few issues, it's it's running into a few issues, it's it's running into a few issues, it's creating some other temporary files like creating some other temporary files like creating some other temporary files like all sales jobs, sales jobs raw, it's all sales jobs, sales jobs raw, it's all sales jobs, sales jobs raw, it's also created three different Python also created three different Python also created three different Python tools that are temporary tools just

[19:46] tools that are temporary tools just tools that are temporary tools just because it knows that it needs some help because it knows that it needs some help because it knows that it needs some help filtering things out. And now it was filtering things out. And now it was filtering things out. And now it was able to find 372 sales jobs and it was able to find 372 sales jobs and it was able to find 372 sales jobs and it was saved to sales jobs Europe and US. So it saved to sales jobs Europe and US. So it saved to sales jobs Europe and US. So it says that we've got 372 sales jobs. I'm says that we've got 372 sales jobs. I'm says that we've got 372 sales jobs. I'm going to open up that Excel sheet and we going to open up that Excel sheet and we going to open up that Excel sheet and we can see if we scroll all the way down, can see if we scroll all the way down, can see if we scroll all the way down, we should have gotten 372. Perfect. And we should have gotten 372. Perfect. And we should have gotten 372. Perfect. And this is also similar because we can this is also similar because we can this is also similar because we can filter up here with all of these filter up here with all of these filter up here with all of these pre-made filters that it put in. We've pre-made filters that it put in. We've pre-made filters that it put in. We've got job title. We've got all this got job title. We've got all this got job title. We've got all this information. And it said that it added a information. And it said that it added a information. And it said that it added a region column right here. And this is region column right here. And this is region column right here. And this is where we could get rid of US and mixed where we could get rid of US and mixed where we could get rid of US and mixed and worldwide. And we now should see and worldwide. And we now should see and worldwide. And we now should see that we've only got about different

[20:16] that we've only got about different that we've only got about different actual rows. Yeah, 49. And just as one actual rows. Yeah, 49. And just as one actual rows. Yeah, 49. And just as one final test, let's see what happens if it final test, let's see what happens if it final test, let's see what happens if it gets a crazy type of request that we gets a crazy type of request that we gets a crazy type of request that we haven't really prepared it for. So right haven't really prepared it for. So right haven't really prepared it for. So right now, this is good at scraping jobs from now, this is good at scraping jobs from now, this is good at scraping jobs from a given URL. What if I just said, "Hey a given URL. What if I just said, "Hey a given URL. What if I just said, "Hey Claude, I'm looking to reach out to tons Claude, I'm looking to reach out to tons Claude, I'm looking to reach out to tons of dentists. Can you find me dentists in of dentists. Can you find me dentists in of dentists. Can you find me dentists in the United States and give me their the United States and give me their the United States and give me their contact information so that I can contact information so that I can contact information so that I can basically just build up a lead list of basically just build up a lead list of basically just build up a lead list of dentists that I can contact? I want this dentists that I can contact? I want this dentists that I can contact? I want this to be in an Excel sheet. I'm going to to be in an Excel sheet. I'm going to to be in an Excel sheet. I'm going to shoot that off. Once again, this is in shoot that off. Once again, this is in shoot that off. Once again, this is in bypass permissions mode. So, we're going bypass permissions mode. So, we're going bypass permissions mode. So, we're going to see what it does. We're going to see to see what it does. We're going to see to see what it does. We're going to see if it uses firecall. We're going to see if it uses firecall. We're going to see if it uses firecall. We're going to see if it thinks about, hey, actually, I

[20:46] if it thinks about, hey, actually, I if it thinks about, hey, actually, I can't use firecraw. I need to get access can't use firecraw. I need to get access can't use firecraw. I need to get access to some sort of like, you know, lead to some sort of like, you know, lead to some sort of like, you know, lead generation API or lead list API. We're generation API or lead list API. We're generation API or lead list API. We're going to see what it does here. It said, going to see what it does here. It said, going to see what it does here. It said, I can help you build a dentist lead I can help you build a dentist lead I can help you build a dentist lead list. Let me first check what tools and list. Let me first check what tools and list. Let me first check what tools and workflows exist. Then it says, let me workflows exist. Then it says, let me workflows exist. Then it says, let me check the available APIs. you have check the available APIs. you have check the available APIs. you have fireall available and I can build a fireall available and I can build a fireall available and I can build a similar tool to your existing job similar tool to your existing job similar tool to your existing job scraper but for dentist leads instead. scraper but for dentist leads instead. scraper but for dentist leads instead. All right, so look at this. It used All right, so look at this. It used All right, so look at this. It used firecol to search for dentist directory firecol to search for dentist directory firecol to search for dentist directory and then it started scraping those and then it started scraping those and then it started scraping those sources. Once again, the ADA site uses sources. Once again, the ADA site uses sources. Once again, the ADA site uses JavaScript to load results dynamically. JavaScript to load results dynamically. JavaScript to load results dynamically. So the static scrape doesn't work. Let So the static scrape doesn't work. Let So the static scrape doesn't work. Let me try a different method. So it found me try a different method. So it found me try a different method. So it found out yellow pages works well. There are

[21:16] out yellow pages works well. There are out yellow pages works well. There are 3,000 dentists just in New York City. 3,000 dentists just in New York City. 3,000 dentists just in New York City. And now I'm going to create a scraping And now I'm going to create a scraping And now I'm going to create a scraping tool so I can actually do all of this. tool so I can actually do all of this. tool so I can actually do all of this. Okay, so it looks like this is finishing Okay, so it looks like this is finishing Okay, so it looks like this is finishing up here. And what you guys can see is up here. And what you guys can see is up here. And what you guys can see is that it created a new workflow which is that it created a new workflow which is that it created a new workflow which is scrape dentist leads. and it created a scrape dentist leads. and it created a scrape dentist leads. and it created a new tool which is scrape dentist leads. new tool which is scrape dentist leads. new tool which is scrape dentist leads. All right, we ran into another issue. All right, we ran into another issue. All right, we ran into another issue. Only two dentists were found. The Only two dentists were found. The Only two dentists were found. The parsing might need adjustment. Let me parsing might need adjustment. Let me parsing might need adjustment. Let me check what was captured and then refined check what was captured and then refined check what was captured and then refined the reg x pattern. So look how awesome the reg x pattern. So look how awesome the reg x pattern. So look how awesome this is. It found the issue right here. this is. It found the issue right here. this is. It found the issue right here. And now what it's doing is it's fixing And now what it's doing is it's fixing And now what it's doing is it's fixing the tool. So it's updating the tool so the tool. So it's updating the tool so the tool. So it's updating the tool so that it doesn't actually run into that that it doesn't actually run into that that it doesn't actually run into that issue again. Okay. I mean look at this. issue again. Okay. I mean look at this. issue again. Okay. I mean look at this. It said done. I've scraped 120 unique

[21:47] It said done. I've scraped 120 unique It said done. I've scraped 120 unique dentist leads from four major cities. dentist leads from four major cities. dentist leads from four major cities. Here are the cities we got. It includes Here are the cities we got. It includes Here are the cities we got. It includes all of this data which is awesome. And all of this data which is awesome. And all of this data which is awesome. And then it says for future scrapes I've then it says for future scrapes I've then it says for future scrapes I've also created a reusable tool that you also created a reusable tool that you also created a reusable tool that you can run any time. So, I'm going to open can run any time. So, I'm going to open can run any time. So, I'm going to open up that Excel sheet right here. And we up that Excel sheet right here. And we up that Excel sheet right here. And we can see that we do indeed have all of can see that we do indeed have all of can see that we do indeed have all of these different dentists here. It even these different dentists here. It even these different dentists here. It even formatted the Excel sheet a little bit, formatted the Excel sheet a little bit, formatted the Excel sheet a little bit, but we have phone number, we have but we have phone number, we have but we have phone number, we have address, we have city, state, zip code, address, we have city, state, zip code, address, we have city, state, zip code, website, specialties, and we get the website, specialties, and we get the website, specialties, and we get the actual listing URL as well. So, this is actual listing URL as well. So, this is actual listing URL as well. So, this is incredible if you think about the fact incredible if you think about the fact incredible if you think about the fact that I didn't know what tools to use at that I didn't know what tools to use at that I didn't know what tools to use at all. I could have put this in plan mode all. I could have put this in plan mode all. I could have put this in plan mode and I could have said, "Hey, this is the

[22:17] and I could have said, "Hey, this is the and I could have said, "Hey, this is the workflow I want. Ask me questions, do workflow I want. Ask me questions, do workflow I want. Ask me questions, do research, figure out the best approach, research, figure out the best approach, research, figure out the best approach, and then I could have, you know, went and then I could have, you know, went and then I could have, you know, went back and forth with a little bit." And back and forth with a little bit." And back and forth with a little bit." And this scrape might have even been better. this scrape might have even been better. this scrape might have even been better. But on the very limited amount of But on the very limited amount of But on the very limited amount of information I gave it, it still gave us information I gave it, it still gave us information I gave it, it still gave us a really good output that would have a really good output that would have a really good output that would have taken me so much longer to get manually taken me so much longer to get manually taken me so much longer to get manually or building it in an end. Because the or building it in an end. Because the or building it in an end. Because the truth is a lot of us know what we want. truth is a lot of us know what we want. truth is a lot of us know what we want. We know the end result, but we don't We know the end result, but we don't We know the end result, but we don't exactly know the exact tech stack and exactly know the exact tech stack and exactly know the exact tech stack and all of the different things that we need all of the different things that we need all of the different things that we need to get that end result. So why not let to get that end result. So why not let to get that end result. So why not let an AI agent with a really smart brain an AI agent with a really smart brain an AI agent with a really smart brain like Opus 4.5 figure that out for us, like Opus 4.5 figure that out for us, like Opus 4.5 figure that out for us, look at five different approaches, and look at five different approaches, and look at five different approaches, and then pick the best one. And the cool

[22:47] then pick the best one. And the cool then pick the best one. And the cool part is you're not just limited to one part is you're not just limited to one part is you're not just limited to one agent. You could open up five different agent. You could open up five different agent. You could open up five different agents in here. As you can see, we could agents in here. As you can see, we could agents in here. As you can see, we could just keep stacking agents on agents. And just keep stacking agents on agents. And just keep stacking agents on agents. And then what I could do is I could just then what I could do is I could just then what I could do is I could just tell all of them to try a different tell all of them to try a different tell all of them to try a different method. So I could have four different method. So I could have four different method. So I could have four different workflows running and then I could test workflows running and then I could test workflows running and then I could test all four at the same time and whichever all four at the same time and whichever all four at the same time and whichever one gives me the best result, I would one gives me the best result, I would one gives me the best result, I would just delete all the other agents and just delete all the other agents and just delete all the other agents and then stick with that main workflow. So then stick with that main workflow. So then stick with that main workflow. So before we wrap up here, I actually before we wrap up here, I actually before we wrap up here, I actually wanted to just contextualize one more wanted to just contextualize one more wanted to just contextualize one more time what's going on. So let's take a time what's going on. So let's take a time what's going on. So let's take a look at that first workflow we did. This look at that first workflow we did. This look at that first workflow we did. This one was called scrape job listings. This one was called scrape job listings. This one was called scrape job listings. This one says the objective is to scrape job one says the objective is to scrape job one says the objective is to scrape job listings from daily remote.com based on listings from daily remote.com based on listings from daily remote.com based on a search term. The required inputs are

[23:17] a search term. The required inputs are a search term. The required inputs are search term, max pages, output path. The search term, max pages, output path. The search term, max pages, output path. The tools to use are just this one, the one tools to use are just this one, the one tools to use are just this one, the one that we created called scrape daily that we created called scrape daily that we created called scrape daily remote jobs. And then it goes through remote jobs. And then it goes through remote jobs. And then it goes through the exact steps and the exact outputs, the exact steps and the exact outputs, the exact steps and the exact outputs, edge cases, error handling, all of the edge cases, error handling, all of the edge cases, error handling, all of the stuff that I didn't tell it to do. It's stuff that I didn't tell it to do. It's stuff that I didn't tell it to do. It's because of the framework. And it's because of the framework. And it's because of the framework. And it's because it understands how to fail because it understands how to fail because it understands how to fail safely. So that every single time safely. So that every single time safely. So that every single time whenever we say, "Hey, I want you to whenever we say, "Hey, I want you to whenever we say, "Hey, I want you to scrape leads from daily remote." It just scrape leads from daily remote." It just scrape leads from daily remote." It just invokes this workflow which inside of it invokes this workflow which inside of it invokes this workflow which inside of it invokes the tool. So it's the exact same invokes the tool. So it's the exact same invokes the tool. So it's the exact same thing that just happened for scraping thing that just happened for scraping thing that just happened for scraping dentist leads as you can see. So that's dentist leads as you can see. So that's dentist leads as you can see. So that's how simple it is to build an agentic how simple it is to build an agentic how simple it is to build an agentic workflow. But before you go to actually

[23:47] workflow. But before you go to actually workflow. But before you go to actually build one by yourself, you do need to build one by yourself, you do need to build one by yourself, you do need to understand the mistakes that most people understand the mistakes that most people understand the mistakes that most people are making right now. Because are making right now. Because are making right now. Because understanding how to think about these understanding how to think about these understanding how to think about these systems is what's actually going to make systems is what's actually going to make systems is what's actually going to make it valuable to you. So the first mistake it valuable to you. So the first mistake it valuable to you. So the first mistake is not being clear enough about the is not being clear enough about the is not being clear enough about the actual goal. You can't just say, "I need actual goal. You can't just say, "I need actual goal. You can't just say, "I need a lead scraper for LinkedIn." That's way a lead scraper for LinkedIn." That's way a lead scraper for LinkedIn." That's way too vague. Agent will have no idea what too vague. Agent will have no idea what too vague. Agent will have no idea what kind of leads you want, what industry, kind of leads you want, what industry, kind of leads you want, what industry, what role. It'll just start pulling what role. It'll just start pulling what role. It'll just start pulling random profiles. Obviously, it can ask random profiles. Obviously, it can ask random profiles. Obviously, it can ask you questions, but you do need to be you questions, but you do need to be you questions, but you do need to be specific about the problem that you're specific about the problem that you're specific about the problem that you're actually trying to solve. And so, what actually trying to solve. And so, what actually trying to solve. And so, what you're going to want to do, as you saw a you're going to want to do, as you saw a you're going to want to do, as you saw a little bit in the demo, is put the agent little bit in the demo, is put the agent little bit in the demo, is put the agent in plan mode and say something like, in plan mode and say something like, in plan mode and say something like, "Hey, here's a rough idea of what I "Hey, here's a rough idea of what I "Hey, here's a rough idea of what I want. help me turn this into an actual want. help me turn this into an actual want. help me turn this into an actual solid PRD or project requirement doc.

[24:18] solid PRD or project requirement doc. solid PRD or project requirement doc. The agent then will have to brainstorm The agent then will have to brainstorm The agent then will have to brainstorm and it will reason and it will think and and it will reason and it will think and and it will reason and it will think and it will maybe even do research for you it will maybe even do research for you it will maybe even do research for you and it will ask you all the right and it will ask you all the right and it will ask you all the right questions so it knows exactly what to questions so it knows exactly what to questions so it knows exactly what to build. Just like the way if you wanted build. Just like the way if you wanted build. Just like the way if you wanted to give an actual human software to give an actual human software to give an actual human software developer specs for an app or for a developer specs for an app or for a developer specs for an app or for a workflow or whatever it is. You would workflow or whatever it is. You would workflow or whatever it is. You would have to give them enough information so have to give them enough information so have to give them enough information so that they could actually build that. that they could actually build that. that they could actually build that. You're totally allowed to treat the You're totally allowed to treat the You're totally allowed to treat the agent like the expert. You're just the agent like the expert. You're just the agent like the expert. You're just the manager to make sure that you keep it on manager to make sure that you keep it on manager to make sure that you keep it on the right path. So mistake number two is the right path. So mistake number two is the right path. So mistake number two is not defining what done looks like. not defining what done looks like. not defining what done looks like. Agents need to know when to stop. If you Agents need to know when to stop. If you Agents need to know when to stop. If you don't give them the clear finish line, don't give them the clear finish line, don't give them the clear finish line, then they may over complicate things or then they may over complicate things or then they may over complicate things or break things or keep researching or keep

[24:48] break things or keep researching or keep break things or keep researching or keep looping, keep iterating, and they might looping, keep iterating, and they might looping, keep iterating, and they might just keep wasting time when the answer just keep wasting time when the answer just keep wasting time when the answer was actually simple. I've definitely was actually simple. I've definitely was actually simple. I've definitely seen agents overcomplicate a lot of seen agents overcomplicate a lot of seen agents overcomplicate a lot of things. So, instead of saying, "Search things. So, instead of saying, "Search things. So, instead of saying, "Search for LinkedIn profiles of CEOs at tech for LinkedIn profiles of CEOs at tech for LinkedIn profiles of CEOs at tech companies," which is pretty open-ended, companies," which is pretty open-ended, companies," which is pretty open-ended, say something like, "I need exactly 75 say something like, "I need exactly 75 say something like, "I need exactly 75 LinkedIn profiles of CEOs at tech LinkedIn profiles of CEOs at tech LinkedIn profiles of CEOs at tech companies. Put them in a spreadsheet companies. Put them in a spreadsheet companies. Put them in a spreadsheet with their name, company email, their with their name, company email, their with their name, company email, their link to their profile, and once you have link to their profile, and once you have link to their profile, and once you have 75, you're done. It's a clear input and 75, you're done. It's a clear input and 75, you're done. It's a clear input and a very clear output, and that's how a very clear output, and that's how a very clear output, and that's how you're going to get consistent results." you're going to get consistent results." you're going to get consistent results." So now let's talk about why agentic So now let's talk about why agentic So now let's talk about why agentic workflows are just better. First, no workflows are just better. First, no workflows are just better. First, no more debugging loops. With traditional more debugging loops. With traditional more debugging loops. With traditional workflow automation, you'd build workflow automation, you'd build workflow automation, you'd build something, you'd run it, and then there

[25:18] something, you'd run it, and then there something, you'd run it, and then there would be some edge cases that you didn't would be some edge cases that you didn't would be some edge cases that you didn't think of, and that would break the think of, and that would break the think of, and that would break the system. So then you'd spend the next system. So then you'd spend the next system. So then you'd spend the next hour reading through the logs, looking hour reading through the logs, looking hour reading through the logs, looking at the error messages, looking at the at the error messages, looking at the at the error messages, looking at the execution data, and trying to figure out execution data, and trying to figure out execution data, and trying to figure out what went wrong and why. With a Gentic what went wrong and why. With a Gentic what went wrong and why. With a Gentic Workflows, the agent basically handles Workflows, the agent basically handles Workflows, the agent basically handles all of this for you without even asking. all of this for you without even asking. all of this for you without even asking. You saw it earlier in the build as the You saw it earlier in the build as the You saw it earlier in the build as the agent was working, it would run into agent was working, it would run into agent was working, it would run into some sort of roadblock or it would hit some sort of roadblock or it would hit some sort of roadblock or it would hit an error, and it would just say, "Okay, an error, and it would just say, "Okay, an error, and it would just say, "Okay, this is what happened. Let me think this is what happened. Let me think this is what happened. Let me think about what I could do differently." And about what I could do differently." And about what I could do differently." And then I fix it. And then I update my then I fix it. And then I update my then I fix it. And then I update my workflows and my tools so that it workflows and my tools so that it workflows and my tools so that it doesn't happen again. It's basically doesn't happen again. It's basically doesn't happen again. It's basically self-healing. And that's a massive time self-healing. And that's a massive time self-healing. And that's a massive time saver because this means that I can have saver because this means that I can have saver because this means that I can have an agent on my right monitor building an agent on my right monitor building an agent on my right monitor building stuff and then on my left monitor I can

[25:48] stuff and then on my left monitor I can stuff and then on my left monitor I can just be doing different work or maybe just be doing different work or maybe just be doing different work or maybe even watching a YouTube video or even watching a YouTube video or even watching a YouTube video or catching up on my favorite show and I've catching up on my favorite show and I've catching up on my favorite show and I've got Claude code right here building got Claude code right here building got Claude code right here building things for me and all I have to do is things for me and all I have to do is things for me and all I have to do is sit here and make sure I can poke it in sit here and make sure I can poke it in sit here and make sure I can poke it in the right direction if I need to every the right direction if I need to every the right direction if I need to every once in a while because at the end of once in a while because at the end of once in a while because at the end of the day it is AI and it is the day it is AI and it is the day it is AI and it is nondeterministic. So it might veer off nondeterministic. So it might veer off nondeterministic. So it might veer off the path a little bit. Second is natural the path a little bit. Second is natural the path a little bit. Second is natural language control. With tools like end language control. With tools like end language control. With tools like end you had to pretty much learn every node. you had to pretty much learn every node. you had to pretty much learn every node. You had to know what each one did, when You had to know what each one did, when You had to know what each one did, when to use each one, and what all of the to use each one, and what all of the to use each one, and what all of the different parameters or settings meant. different parameters or settings meant. different parameters or settings meant. If you wanted to connect to an API, you If you wanted to connect to an API, you If you wanted to connect to an API, you had to read the API documentation. You had to read the API documentation. You had to read the API documentation. You had to find the right endpoint. You had had to find the right endpoint. You had had to find the right endpoint. You had to structure your JSON correctly. You to structure your JSON correctly. You to structure your JSON correctly. You had to set up the authentication. And

[26:18] had to set up the authentication. And had to set up the authentication. And that could be a lot, especially when you that could be a lot, especially when you that could be a lot, especially when you are new to the space. With the Gentic are new to the space. With the Gentic are new to the space. With the Gentic Workflows, you just explain what you Workflows, you just explain what you Workflows, you just explain what you want, and the system will look at all want, and the system will look at all want, and the system will look at all the tools available, whether it has an the tools available, whether it has an the tools available, whether it has an MCP server or not, or whether it just MCP server or not, or whether it just MCP server or not, or whether it just has to look through and research the API has to look through and research the API has to look through and research the API documentation on its own. And this is documentation on its own. And this is documentation on its own. And this is absolutely beautiful. Third, it gets absolutely beautiful. Third, it gets absolutely beautiful. Third, it gets smarter over time. So, I know we've smarter over time. So, I know we've smarter over time. So, I know we've talked about this a lot, but it's just talked about this a lot, but it's just talked about this a lot, but it's just so cool. If you wanted to update an so cool. If you wanted to update an so cool. If you wanted to update an automation in the past, you had to go in automation in the past, you had to go in automation in the past, you had to go in and you had to change the nodes and you and you had to change the nodes and you and you had to change the nodes and you had to configure it manually. With had to configure it manually. With had to configure it manually. With Agentic Workflows, every time the agent Agentic Workflows, every time the agent Agentic Workflows, every time the agent runs into an issue, it learns and it runs into an issue, it learns and it runs into an issue, it learns and it updates. Now, there is one important updates. Now, there is one important updates. Now, there is one important caveat that I wanted to talk about, caveat that I wanted to talk about, caveat that I wanted to talk about, which is the difference between which is the difference between which is the difference between automations that you trigger yourself

[26:48] automations that you trigger yourself automations that you trigger yourself versus automations that run on a versus automations that run on a versus automations that run on a schedule. So, if I'm sitting at my desk schedule. So, if I'm sitting at my desk schedule. So, if I'm sitting at my desk using Cloud Code and I say, "Hey, you using Cloud Code and I say, "Hey, you using Cloud Code and I say, "Hey, you know, we just had a call. Go ahead and know, we just had a call. Go ahead and know, we just had a call. Go ahead and write up a proposal for client B." write up a proposal for client B." write up a proposal for client B." That's a human triggered event in this That's a human triggered event in this That's a human triggered event in this case, and the agent's right there with case, and the agent's right there with case, and the agent's right there with me. So, I can watch it. I can talk to me. So, I can watch it. I can talk to me. So, I can watch it. I can talk to it. And that's how it's able to it. And that's how it's able to it. And that's how it's able to self-heal in real time. But if you want self-heal in real time. But if you want self-heal in real time. But if you want something to run on a schedule like something to run on a schedule like something to run on a schedule like every morning at 6 a.m. or maybe an every morning at 6 a.m. or maybe an every morning at 6 a.m. or maybe an event trigger like whenever someone event trigger like whenever someone event trigger like whenever someone submits a form on your website or submits a form on your website or submits a form on your website or something like that, that's actually something like that, that's actually something like that, that's actually going to be you deploying that code, not going to be you deploying that code, not going to be you deploying that code, not the actual agent. So the agent would the actual agent. So the agent would the actual agent. So the agent would deploy its workflows and tools, but not deploy its workflows and tools, but not deploy its workflows and tools, but not itself, not the cloud code model that itself, not the cloud code model that itself, not the cloud code model that lives in VS Code. And the agent is what lives in VS Code. And the agent is what lives in VS Code. And the agent is what actually makes the workflows and tools

[27:19] actually makes the workflows and tools actually makes the workflows and tools self-healing. So you're not deploying self-healing. So you're not deploying self-healing. So you're not deploying that. But anyways, I'm not going to dive that. But anyways, I'm not going to dive that. But anyways, I'm not going to dive deep into that right now. That's a whole deep into that right now. That's a whole deep into that right now. That's a whole other video. You can also check out this other video. You can also check out this other video. You can also check out this video which I will link right above up video which I will link right above up video which I will link right above up here where I go into pretty much that here where I go into pretty much that here where I go into pretty much that whole process of building an automation whole process of building an automation whole process of building an automation in cloud code and then actually in cloud code and then actually in cloud code and then actually deploying it just so you guys can see deploying it just so you guys can see deploying it just so you guys can see what that actually looks like. So look, what that actually looks like. So look, what that actually looks like. So look, I know that this might feel a bit I know that this might feel a bit I know that this might feel a bit overwhelming at first. The space is overwhelming at first. The space is overwhelming at first. The space is moving really fast, but the reality is moving really fast, but the reality is moving really fast, but the reality is that this is just the beginning. We're that this is just the beginning. We're that this is just the beginning. We're definitely headed towards like fully definitely headed towards like fully definitely headed towards like fully autonomous workflows, agents managing autonomous workflows, agents managing autonomous workflows, agents managing other agents and systems that improve other agents and systems that improve other agents and systems that improve themselves while you sleep. And the ones themselves while you sleep. And the ones themselves while you sleep. And the ones who understand how to make them faster who understand how to make them faster who understand how to make them faster will be ahead in this automation market. will be ahead in this automation market. will be ahead in this automation market. So I don't want you to worry if you're So I don't want you to worry if you're So I don't want you to worry if you're still learning how to make automations still learning how to make automations still learning how to make automations or you're still learning to end. Your

[27:50] or you're still learning to end. Your or you're still learning to end. Your job isn't over. And I think that's a job isn't over. And I think that's a job isn't over. And I think that's a really good place to start. Now, we're really good place to start. Now, we're really good place to start. Now, we're just moving from builders to architects. just moving from builders to architects. just moving from builders to architects. The key thing that matters is how you The key thing that matters is how you The key thing that matters is how you adapt to new challenges. And if you want adapt to new challenges. And if you want adapt to new challenges. And if you want to make it easier, you can check out my to make it easier, you can check out my to make it easier, you can check out my free community with over 200,000 AI free community with over 200,000 AI free community with over 200,000 AI builders like you. And I put everything builders like you. And I put everything builders like you. And I put everything that we talked about today into a that we talked about today into a that we talked about today into a completely free resource guide you can completely free resource guide you can completely free resource guide you can access in that community. Link for that access in that community. Link for that access in that community. Link for that is in the description. And if you're is in the description. And if you're is in the description. And if you're looking to dive deeper into this kind of looking to dive deeper into this kind of looking to dive deeper into this kind of stuff and you want to get unlimited tech stuff and you want to get unlimited tech stuff and you want to get unlimited tech support and weekly group calls with me, support and weekly group calls with me, support and weekly group calls with me, then check out my plus community, which then check out my plus community, which then check out my plus community, which is also linked in the description. is also linked in the description. is also linked in the description. [music] But anyways, that's going to do [music] But anyways, that's going to do [music] But anyways, that's going to do it for today. If you guys enjoyed the it for today. If you guys enjoyed the it for today. If you guys enjoyed the video, please give it a like. It video, please give it a like. It video, please give it a like. It definitely helps me out a ton. And as definitely helps me out a ton. And as definitely helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it

[28:20] always, I appreciate you guys making it always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. I'll see you on to the end of the video. I'll see you on to the end of the video. I'll see you on the next one.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=3GAxd90fEE4
