# Transcript: I Built 204 AI Automations, Here’s What Actually Matters

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wq001sxDTWw
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 22:35 · Words: 15691
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=wq001sxDTWw

## Transcript
[0:02] After building over 200 nocode AI After building over 200 nocode AI automations, I've come to realize that automations, I've come to realize that automations, I've come to realize that context engineering is the most context engineering is the most context engineering is the most important thing in determining the important thing in determining the important thing in determining the quality and consistency of the AI quality and consistency of the AI quality and consistency of the AI systems. So today I'm going to be going systems. So today I'm going to be going systems. So today I'm going to be going over the six most important context over the six most important context over the six most important context engineering lessons that I've learned, engineering lessons that I've learned, engineering lessons that I've learned, breaking it all down and applying it to breaking it all down and applying it to breaking it all down and applying it to NAN AI agents. So I don't want to waste NAN AI agents. So I don't want to waste NAN AI agents. So I don't want to waste any time here. There are timestamps down any time here. There are timestamps down any time here. There are timestamps down below if you want to jump around, but below if you want to jump around, but below if you want to jump around, but let's get right into it. All right, just let's get right into it. All right, just let's get right into it. All right, just to start off here with module one, intro to start off here with module one, intro to start off here with module one, intro to context engineering if it's a term to context engineering if it's a term to context engineering if it's a term that you've never heard before. So that you've never heard before. So that you've never heard before. So context engineering is the art of context engineering is the art of context engineering is the art of feeding your AI agent the right feeding your AI agent the right feeding your AI agent the right information that it needs to complete information that it needs to complete information that it needs to complete tasks effectively. Unlike prompt

[0:34] tasks effectively. Unlike prompt tasks effectively. Unlike prompt engineering which focuses on crafting engineering which focuses on crafting engineering which focuses on crafting the perfect single instruction, context the perfect single instruction, context the perfect single instruction, context engineering is about building systems engineering is about building systems engineering is about building systems that can dynamically provide relevant that can dynamically provide relevant that can dynamically provide relevant information to the agent. So in a information to the agent. So in a information to the agent. So in a nutshell, the agent should be able to nutshell, the agent should be able to nutshell, the agent should be able to receive some sort of message that receive some sort of message that receive some sort of message that triggers it. It should understand, I triggers it. It should understand, I triggers it. It should understand, I have all of these different tools. I have all of these different tools. I have all of these different tools. I have all of these different sources of have all of these different sources of have all of these different sources of data or information that I can look at. data or information that I can look at. data or information that I can look at. Which ones do I actually use to get Which ones do I actually use to get Which ones do I actually use to get information to help me answer or do the information to help me answer or do the information to help me answer or do the right task? Now, the problem is most AI right task? Now, the problem is most AI right task? Now, the problem is most AI agents today that aren't using a lot of agents today that aren't using a lot of agents today that aren't using a lot of context engineering, it's like having a context engineering, it's like having a context engineering, it's like having a conversation with someone who forgets conversation with someone who forgets conversation with someone who forgets everything right after you've said it.

[1:04] everything right after you've said it. everything right after you've said it. So, the solution is after the agent So, the solution is after the agent So, the solution is after the agent reads through its system prompt, it reads through its system prompt, it reads through its system prompt, it should understand, I have these should understand, I have these should understand, I have these different tools that I can use to get different tools that I can use to get different tools that I can use to get more context and this is going to more context and this is going to more context and this is going to transform me from a simple question and transform me from a simple question and transform me from a simple question and answer tool to an actual assistant that answer tool to an actual assistant that answer tool to an actual assistant that can remember things and take action can remember things and take action can remember things and take action intelligently. And I just wanted to say intelligently. And I just wanted to say intelligently. And I just wanted to say that this isn't a new concept. It's been that this isn't a new concept. It's been that this isn't a new concept. It's been around. I think the term context around. I think the term context around. I think the term context engineering is a little bit more on the engineering is a little bit more on the engineering is a little bit more on the newer side, but it's always been around. newer side, but it's always been around. newer side, but it's always been around. These are videos I've made multiple These are videos I've made multiple These are videos I've made multiple multiple months ago talking about the multiple months ago talking about the multiple months ago talking about the foundation of AI systems and automations foundation of AI systems and automations foundation of AI systems and automations is data and context. And over here was a

[1:34] is data and context. And over here was a is data and context. And over here was a completely separate video where I talked completely separate video where I talked completely separate video where I talked about context is absolutely everything. about context is absolutely everything. about context is absolutely everything. The systems are only going to work as The systems are only going to work as The systems are only going to work as well as the data and context you feed well as the data and context you feed well as the data and context you feed in. Data in, data out, garbage in, in. Data in, data out, garbage in, in. Data in, data out, garbage in, garbage out. And especially if you're garbage out. And especially if you're garbage out. And especially if you're working on systems for a client or working on systems for a client or working on systems for a client or something like that, you're really going something like that, you're really going something like that, you're really going to have to leverage their subject matter to have to leverage their subject matter to have to leverage their subject matter expertise to train the systems to behave expertise to train the systems to behave expertise to train the systems to behave the way an employee in their business the way an employee in their business the way an employee in their business would. Also, you may have noticed that would. Also, you may have noticed that would. Also, you may have noticed that kind of behind me, my background is very kind of behind me, my background is very kind of behind me, my background is very bare. This is probably the last video bare. This is probably the last video bare. This is probably the last video you'll see from me in this apartment as you'll see from me in this apartment as you'll see from me in this apartment as I'm transitioning to my new apartment,

[2:04] I'm transitioning to my new apartment, I'm transitioning to my new apartment, which is pretty exciting, but sad day. which is pretty exciting, but sad day. which is pretty exciting, but sad day. Anyways, if it's still not really Anyways, if it's still not really Anyways, if it's still not really clicking and you want a bit of a deeper clicking and you want a bit of a deeper clicking and you want a bit of a deeper dive on some of the more technicalities dive on some of the more technicalities dive on some of the more technicalities of context engineering and where the of context engineering and where the of context engineering and where the term came from, then definitely check term came from, then definitely check term came from, then definitely check out Cole Meen's video he did covering out Cole Meen's video he did covering out Cole Meen's video he did covering this topic. I'll link that in the this topic. I'll link that in the this topic. I'll link that in the description below. But in our video, description below. But in our video, description below. But in our video, we're going to be focusing more on we're going to be focusing more on we're going to be focusing more on actually bringing this into Nen and on actually bringing this into Nen and on actually bringing this into Nen and on no code solutions. So there's really no code solutions. So there's really no code solutions. So there's really these six main components of context these six main components of context these six main components of context engineering. So let me quickly break it engineering. So let me quickly break it engineering. So let me quickly break it down. So just to go through the down. So just to go through the down. So just to go through the chronological flow of an AI agent, the chronological flow of an AI agent, the chronological flow of an AI agent, the first aspect is the user input. This is

[2:34] first aspect is the user input. This is first aspect is the user input. This is basically the dynamic request that we're basically the dynamic request that we're basically the dynamic request that we're asking the agent to do every single time asking the agent to do every single time asking the agent to do every single time we trigger it. So it receives the input we trigger it. So it receives the input we trigger it. So it receives the input and then the second piece of context is and then the second piece of context is and then the second piece of context is the system prompt which has been around the system prompt which has been around the system prompt which has been around for a long time. Prompt engineering. for a long time. Prompt engineering. for a long time. Prompt engineering. This is where it will read through its This is where it will read through its This is where it will read through its instructions to understand okay what instructions to understand okay what instructions to understand okay what tools do I have? What do I need to do? tools do I have? What do I need to do? tools do I have? What do I need to do? What is the user asking of me? The next What is the user asking of me? The next What is the user asking of me? The next piece is memory where it can go check piece is memory where it can go check piece is memory where it can go check what are my past conversations I've had what are my past conversations I've had what are my past conversations I've had with this person. Is there anything that with this person. Is there anything that with this person. Is there anything that we've already talked about that can help we've already talked about that can help we've already talked about that can help me do my job better? Then we have me do my job better? Then we have me do my job better? Then we have retrieve knowledge which can kind of go retrieve knowledge which can kind of go retrieve knowledge which can kind of go handinhand with tools but I just broke handinhand with tools but I just broke handinhand with tools but I just broke them up for now but you know subbase

[3:06] them up for now but you know subbase them up for now but you know subbase right here it is a tool and then so is right here it is a tool and then so is right here it is a tool and then so is send a message in Gmail but the idea is send a message in Gmail but the idea is send a message in Gmail but the idea is that it can use its tools in order to that it can use its tools in order to that it can use its tools in order to access different knowledge that it has. access different knowledge that it has. access different knowledge that it has. So that could be a vector database it So that could be a vector database it So that could be a vector database it could be an API call to search the web could be an API call to search the web could be an API call to search the web it could be looking up something in a it could be looking up something in a it could be looking up something in a CRM. That's all an element of getting CRM. That's all an element of getting CRM. That's all an element of getting more context to take action more more context to take action more more context to take action more effectively. And then the final piece effectively. And then the final piece effectively. And then the final piece would be if we have like a structured would be if we have like a structured would be if we have like a structured output parser where we're going to tell output parser where we're going to tell output parser where we're going to tell the agent this is how we need you to the agent this is how we need you to the agent this is how we need you to output information. So hopefully this output information. So hopefully this output information. So hopefully this diagram looks pretty familiar to you if diagram looks pretty familiar to you if diagram looks pretty familiar to you if you've built a few agents in NN already.

[3:36] you've built a few agents in NN already. you've built a few agents in NN already. And that's sort of the breakdown of And that's sort of the breakdown of And that's sort of the breakdown of different ways that we can give the different ways that we can give the different ways that we can give the agent more context. That doesn't mean agent more context. That doesn't mean agent more context. That doesn't mean that every agent or every system we that every agent or every system we that every agent or every system we build has to have all six of these, but build has to have all six of these, but build has to have all six of these, but these are the different things you can these are the different things you can these are the different things you can kind of tweak and play around with. And kind of tweak and play around with. And kind of tweak and play around with. And this is a really cool analogy I heard this is a really cool analogy I heard this is a really cool analogy I heard which is kind of like the difference which is kind of like the difference which is kind of like the difference between prompt engineering and context between prompt engineering and context between prompt engineering and context engineering. Prompt engineering is like engineering. Prompt engineering is like engineering. Prompt engineering is like studying for an exam, you know, the week studying for an exam, you know, the week studying for an exam, you know, the week before. But context engineering is before. But context engineering is before. But context engineering is showing up to the exam with a cheat showing up to the exam with a cheat showing up to the exam with a cheat sheet that you can look at every single sheet that you can look at every single sheet that you can look at every single time you're faced with a problem you time you're faced with a problem you time you're faced with a problem you don't know. For the best results on that

[4:06] don't know. For the best results on that don't know. For the best results on that exam, you're going to want to have both exam, you're going to want to have both exam, you're going to want to have both good studying and a good cheat sheet. good studying and a good cheat sheet. good studying and a good cheat sheet. But ultimately, if you only had to have But ultimately, if you only had to have But ultimately, if you only had to have one, I'd probably rather have a cheat one, I'd probably rather have a cheat one, I'd probably rather have a cheat sheet. All right, so moving on to module sheet. All right, so moving on to module sheet. All right, so moving on to module two. This is about memory systems in AI two. This is about memory systems in AI two. This is about memory systems in AI agents. So there's kind of three agents. So there's kind of three agents. So there's kind of three categories of memory that we have in categories of memory that we have in categories of memory that we have in Naden AI agents. The first one is Naden AI agents. The first one is Naden AI agents. The first one is working memory, which is just basically working memory, which is just basically working memory, which is just basically the agent's processing things. It's the agent's processing things. It's the agent's processing things. It's using its system prompt and it's using using its system prompt and it's using using its system prompt and it's using its chat model in between actions to its chat model in between actions to its chat model in between actions to figure out what did I just do, what do I figure out what did I just do, what do I figure out what did I just do, what do I still need to do. And this is on an still need to do. And this is on an still need to do. And this is on an execution basis. We have short-term execution basis. We have short-term

[4:36] execution basis. We have short-term memory, which is kind of like just memory, which is kind of like just memory, which is kind of like just conversation history, a brief context conversation history, a brief context conversation history, a brief context window of what has been said to whoever window of what has been said to whoever window of what has been said to whoever is currently interacting with the is currently interacting with the is currently interacting with the system. And then we have long-term system. And then we have long-term system. And then we have long-term memory, which is a bit more of that memory, which is a bit more of that memory, which is a bit more of that persistent knowledge that can survive persistent knowledge that can survive persistent knowledge that can survive across sessions. So when we have all across sessions. So when we have all across sessions. So when we have all elements of proper memory, our agent can elements of proper memory, our agent can elements of proper memory, our agent can be able to remember user preferences, be able to remember user preferences, be able to remember user preferences, remember previous conversations, and remember previous conversations, and remember previous conversations, and also maintain context across multiple also maintain context across multiple also maintain context across multiple sessions. So when it comes to short-term sessions. So when it comes to short-term sessions. So when it comes to short-term memory and we're talking about a context memory and we're talking about a context memory and we're talking about a context window, we have the ability to choose window, we have the ability to choose window, we have the ability to choose what that context window length is. So

[5:07] what that context window length is. So what that context window length is. So in this case, what we have is a in this case, what we have is a in this case, what we have is a conversation between Nate and an AI conversation between Nate and an AI conversation between Nate and an AI agent. Because we gave it short-term agent. Because we gave it short-term agent. Because we gave it short-term memory, it's able to make sense as an memory, it's able to make sense as an memory, it's able to make sense as an actual conversation. I said, "Hey, my actual conversation. I said, "Hey, my actual conversation. I said, "Hey, my name's Nate." It said, "Hey, how can I name's Nate." It said, "Hey, how can I name's Nate." It said, "Hey, how can I assist you?" I said, "I have a dog named assist you?" I said, "I have a dog named assist you?" I said, "I have a dog named Workflow." It said, "That's a great Workflow." It said, "That's a great Workflow." It said, "That's a great name. How old is workflow? What kind of name. How old is workflow? What kind of name. How old is workflow? What kind of dog?" I said, "He's a golden retriever. dog?" I said, "He's a golden retriever. dog?" I said, "He's a golden retriever. What should we do this weekend?" And it What should we do this weekend?" And it What should we do this weekend?" And it answers because it remembers that we answers because it remembers that we answers because it remembers that we have a golden retriever. It answers all have a golden retriever. It answers all have a golden retriever. It answers all this kind of stuff because it knows our this kind of stuff because it knows our this kind of stuff because it knows our retriever is named workflow. And these retriever is named workflow. And these retriever is named workflow. And these would be three separate interactions would be three separate interactions would be three separate interactions that would be stored as a pair. So if that would be stored as a pair. So if that would be stored as a pair. So if our context window was two, it would

[5:37] our context window was two, it would our context window was two, it would only remember the most recent two only remember the most recent two only remember the most recent two interactions that we've actually had. interactions that we've actually had. interactions that we've actually had. And we have the ability to change that And we have the ability to change that And we have the ability to change that context window length if we actually context window length if we actually context window length if we actually come to the memory system that we have come to the memory system that we have come to the memory system that we have set up whether it is simple memory in set up whether it is simple memory in set up whether it is simple memory in naden or postgress memory or z memory naden or postgress memory or z memory naden or postgress memory or z memory whatever we want to set up. So right whatever we want to set up. So right whatever we want to set up. So right here you can see context window length here you can see context window length here you can see context window length we chose three but just keep in mind we chose three but just keep in mind we chose three but just keep in mind something we're also going to cover something we're also going to cover something we're also going to cover later in this video is the longer your later in this video is the longer your later in this video is the longer your context window the more tokens that will context window the more tokens that will context window the more tokens that will be processed. So it will be more be processed. So it will be more be processed. So it will be more expensive but your agent will retain expensive but your agent will retain expensive but your agent will retain more context and more conversation more context and more conversation more context and more conversation history. And the next aspect of this

[6:08] history. And the next aspect of this history. And the next aspect of this short-term memory is a session ID. So, short-term memory is a session ID. So, short-term memory is a session ID. So, we're able to set a session ID, which is we're able to set a session ID, which is we're able to set a session ID, which is pretty cool because our agent can have pretty cool because our agent can have pretty cool because our agent can have unique conversations with person A, unique conversations with person A, unique conversations with person A, person B, person C, and keep them all person B, person C, and keep them all person B, person C, and keep them all separate in its memory. So, we could separate in its memory. So, we could separate in its memory. So, we could link something up as a session ID like link something up as a session ID like link something up as a session ID like an email address. So, every time an an email address. So, every time an an email address. So, every time an agent receives an email, it's going to agent receives an email, it's going to agent receives an email, it's going to look at the email address and say, look at the email address and say, look at the email address and say, "Okay, let me go see conversations I've "Okay, let me go see conversations I've "Okay, let me go see conversations I've had with this email address, and then had with this email address, and then had with this email address, and then I'll be able to use that conversation I'll be able to use that conversation I'll be able to use that conversation history to answer the question." Same history to answer the question." Same history to answer the question." Same thing with like a phone number. if it is thing with like a phone number. if it is thing with like a phone number. if it is a text SMS bot or something like that or

[6:39] a text SMS bot or something like that or a text SMS bot or something like that or employee ID if it's like an internal employee ID if it's like an internal employee ID if it's like an internal Slack agent whatever the case is the Slack agent whatever the case is the Slack agent whatever the case is the session ID can basically link back to session ID can basically link back to session ID can basically link back to one person and then when we come to one person and then when we come to one person and then when we come to think about long-term memory this is think about long-term memory this is think about long-term memory this is persistent memory that survives across persistent memory that survives across persistent memory that survives across sessions and in N&amp;N it can be stored in sessions and in N&amp;N it can be stored in sessions and in N&amp;N it can be stored in multiple different ways we'd have a user multiple different ways we'd have a user multiple different ways we'd have a user graph with something like Zep which I graph with something like Zep which I graph with something like Zep which I have a video on and the benefit of a have a video on and the benefit of a have a video on and the benefit of a user graph is that you can see there is user graph is that you can see there is user graph is that you can see there is a user in the middle which in this case a user in the middle which in this case a user in the middle which in this case is John Doe but then it has different is John Doe but then it has different is John Doe but then it has different relationships and it understands relationships and it understands relationships and it understands preferences about the user. Things like preferences about the user. Things like preferences about the user. Things like what do they like, where do they live,

[7:09] what do they like, where do they live, what do they like, where do they live, what do they do on a daily basis, and what do they do on a daily basis, and what do they do on a daily basis, and the relationships is what makes this the relationships is what makes this the relationships is what makes this user graph powerful rather than just a user graph powerful rather than just a user graph powerful rather than just a bunch of random facts that may not link bunch of random facts that may not link bunch of random facts that may not link together. You can also really simply together. You can also really simply together. You can also really simply just store memories in a Google doc, and just store memories in a Google doc, and just store memories in a Google doc, and then you can tell your agent, this is a then you can tell your agent, this is a then you can tell your agent, this is a Google doc with long-term memory about Google doc with long-term memory about Google doc with long-term memory about user A. If you want to look up user A. If you want to look up user A. If you want to look up information, use that tool. It could information, use that tool. It could information, use that tool. It could also be a vector store, which would be also be a vector store, which would be also be a vector store, which would be more of a chunkedbased retrieval. Or it more of a chunkedbased retrieval. Or it more of a chunkedbased retrieval. Or it could also be something like a CRM where could also be something like a CRM where could also be something like a CRM where when a request comes in, you're going to when a request comes in, you're going to when a request comes in, you're going to look up that lead or that client in the look up that lead or that client in the look up that lead or that client in the CRM, find out information about them, CRM, find out information about them, CRM, find out information about them, and then use that to tailor your

[7:39] and then use that to tailor your and then use that to tailor your response back or the actions you need to response back or the actions you need to response back or the actions you need to take. All right, moving on to module take. All right, moving on to module take. All right, moving on to module three, which is about using tool calling three, which is about using tool calling three, which is about using tool calling for rag. It's kind of a good segue from for rag. It's kind of a good segue from for rag. It's kind of a good segue from that end of module two because we were that end of module two because we were that end of module two because we were talking about using tools to access talking about using tools to access talking about using tools to access something like a Google doc memory or something like a Google doc memory or something like a Google doc memory or superbase or HubSpot. And tool calling superbase or HubSpot. And tool calling superbase or HubSpot. And tool calling can also be referred to as function can also be referred to as function can also be referred to as function calling, especially if you're looking at calling, especially if you're looking at calling, especially if you're looking at like some documentation about an AI like some documentation about an AI like some documentation about an AI model. But what it allows us to do is it model. But what it allows us to do is it model. But what it allows us to do is it allows our agent to interact with these allows our agent to interact with these allows our agent to interact with these external systems, send off a request to external systems, send off a request to external systems, send off a request to receive data back, perform actions receive data back, perform actions receive data back, perform actions beyond just generating text. It's like

[8:11] beyond just generating text. It's like beyond just generating text. It's like giving your agent hands and feet in the giving your agent hands and feet in the giving your agent hands and feet in the digital world. So, you know, chatbt on digital world. So, you know, chatbt on digital world. So, you know, chatbt on its own, if it didn't have any tools, its own, if it didn't have any tools, its own, if it didn't have any tools, all you could do is kind of talk to it all you could do is kind of talk to it all you could do is kind of talk to it and have a conversation. But if you and have a conversation. But if you and have a conversation. But if you wanted it to send an email for you or wanted it to send an email for you or wanted it to send an email for you or talk to your nan workflow or whatever it talk to your nan workflow or whatever it talk to your nan workflow or whatever it is, you'd have to give it access to that is, you'd have to give it access to that is, you'd have to give it access to that tool or that function. And then rag tool or that function. And then rag tool or that function. And then rag retrie augmented generation is a retrie augmented generation is a retrie augmented generation is a technique where AI agents retrieve technique where AI agents retrieve technique where AI agents retrieve relevant external documents or data at relevant external documents or data at relevant external documents or data at query time and uses it to respond more query time and uses it to respond more query time and uses it to respond more accurately. So the most simple analogy I accurately. So the most simple analogy I accurately. So the most simple analogy I like to put it in terms of is let's say like to put it in terms of is let's say like to put it in terms of is let's say I asked you what's the capital of

[8:41] I asked you what's the capital of I asked you what's the capital of California. If you didn't know the California. If you didn't know the California. If you didn't know the capital, you would probably look it up, capital, you would probably look it up, capital, you would probably look it up, which would be your aspect of rag, which would be your aspect of rag, which would be your aspect of rag, looking up information, retrieving looking up information, retrieving looking up information, retrieving information. So you can generate a more information. So you can generate a more information. So you can generate a more accurate answer. It does commonly get accurate answer. It does commonly get accurate answer. It does commonly get associated with vector search rag or you associated with vector search rag or you associated with vector search rag or you know chunk based rag which is why a lot know chunk based rag which is why a lot know chunk based rag which is why a lot of people think of a rag agent and they of people think of a rag agent and they of people think of a rag agent and they immediately think of a vector database. immediately think of a vector database. immediately think of a vector database. So of course that's the first example So of course that's the first example So of course that's the first example which we have a vector database rag down which we have a vector database rag down which we have a vector database rag down here. This first flow is basically we're here. This first flow is basically we're here. This first flow is basically we're putting a Google doc from our drive into putting a Google doc from our drive into putting a Google doc from our drive into a superbase vector store. And then up a superbase vector store. And then up a superbase vector store. And then up here we have an AI agent and you can see

[9:12] here we have an AI agent and you can see here we have an AI agent and you can see that under the tool section it's that under the tool section it's that under the tool section it's connected to a tool called superbase connected to a tool called superbase connected to a tool called superbase vector store. So now when we ask our AI vector store. So now when we ask our AI vector store. So now when we ask our AI agent a question, it's probably not agent a question, it's probably not agent a question, it's probably not going to know the answer because it's going to know the answer because it's going to know the answer because it's pretty specific to the Google doc, but pretty specific to the Google doc, but pretty specific to the Google doc, but it knows that it has a tool called it knows that it has a tool called it knows that it has a tool called Subbase Vector Store with information Subbase Vector Store with information Subbase Vector Store with information that it can use to answer the user's that it can use to answer the user's that it can use to answer the user's question more accurately. But like I question more accurately. But like I question more accurately. But like I said, it doesn't just have to be a said, it doesn't just have to be a said, it doesn't just have to be a vector database. Here's an AI agent that vector database. Here's an AI agent that vector database. Here's an AI agent that has three different tools. Perplexity has three different tools. Perplexity has three different tools. Perplexity for research, Tavly for research, and for research, Tavly for research, and for research, Tavly for research, and open weather map to get weather open weather map to get weather open weather map to get weather information. So obviously if we ask this information. So obviously if we ask this information. So obviously if we ask this AI agent, what's the weather like in

[9:42] AI agent, what's the weather like in AI agent, what's the weather like in Chicago? It's not going to know. But it Chicago? It's not going to know. But it Chicago? It's not going to know. But it knows I have a tool called open weather knows I have a tool called open weather knows I have a tool called open weather map which I can go ahead and hit which map which I can go ahead and hit which map which I can go ahead and hit which will let me find the weather. Same thing will let me find the weather. Same thing will let me find the weather. Same thing for research. The agent will have for research. The agent will have for research. The agent will have information about whatever it was information about whatever it was information about whatever it was actually trained on using its AI model, actually trained on using its AI model, actually trained on using its AI model, but it won't know, you know, an article but it won't know, you know, an article but it won't know, you know, an article that came out yesterday about some crazy that came out yesterday about some crazy that came out yesterday about some crazy event. It would have to look up the event. It would have to look up the event. It would have to look up the research on the web using one of its two research on the web using one of its two research on the web using one of its two tools. And then there's also using tools tools. And then there's also using tools tools. And then there's also using tools to get information from your internal to get information from your internal to get information from your internal systems. So something like HubSpot systems. So something like HubSpot systems. So something like HubSpot getting contact data or you know project getting contact data or you know project getting contact data or you know project data air table same thing or Google

[10:14] data air table same thing or Google data air table same thing or Google sheets and those are all still aspects sheets and those are all still aspects sheets and those are all still aspects of rag because the data that exists here of rag because the data that exists here of rag because the data that exists here it was not trained on in the AI model it was not trained on in the AI model it was not trained on in the AI model and it has to reach out externally to and it has to reach out externally to and it has to reach out externally to get it and then of course where it gets get it and then of course where it gets get it and then of course where it gets cool is when you have all sorts of cool is when you have all sorts of cool is when you have all sorts of different tools and the agent realizes different tools and the agent realizes different tools and the agent realizes okay here's what this tool does here's okay here's what this tool does here's okay here's what this tool does here's what this tool does here's what this what this tool does here's what this what this tool does here's what this tool has access to now which one do I tool has access to now which one do I tool has access to now which one do I use and that's where you do need a good use and that's where you do need a good use and that's where you do need a good prompt engineering strategy in order to prompt engineering strategy in order to prompt engineering strategy in order to make sure your agent understands that. make sure your agent understands that. make sure your agent understands that. So, just to put that into perspective So, just to put that into perspective So, just to put that into perspective real quick with a use case that doesn't real quick with a use case that doesn't real quick with a use case that doesn't have any vector search, let's say I'm have any vector search, let's say I'm have any vector search, let's say I'm talking to my ultimate assistant and I

[10:44] talking to my ultimate assistant and I talking to my ultimate assistant and I say, "Can you send an email to Dexter say, "Can you send an email to Dexter say, "Can you send an email to Dexter Morgan with a blog post about Nvidia's Morgan with a blog post about Nvidia's Morgan with a blog post about Nvidia's recent earnings report?" So, what would recent earnings report?" So, what would recent earnings report?" So, what would happen here is the first piece of happen here is the first piece of happen here is the first piece of context is the Telegram trigger that context is the Telegram trigger that context is the Telegram trigger that sets off the workflow. So, we grab a sets off the workflow. So, we grab a sets off the workflow. So, we grab a message from Telegram and then the agent message from Telegram and then the agent message from Telegram and then the agent basically will look at its system prompt basically will look at its system prompt basically will look at its system prompt which is inside the ultimate assistant. which is inside the ultimate assistant. which is inside the ultimate assistant. It will read the system prompt. It will It will read the system prompt. It will It will read the system prompt. It will then use its chat model in order to then use its chat model in order to then use its chat model in order to start to process what do I do next. From start to process what do I do next. From start to process what do I do next. From there, it decides, okay, the first thing there, it decides, okay, the first thing there, it decides, okay, the first thing I need to do is actually create a blog I need to do is actually create a blog I need to do is actually create a blog post about Nvidia's recent earnings post about Nvidia's recent earnings post about Nvidia's recent earnings report. So, I'm going to hit my content

[11:15] report. So, I'm going to hit my content report. So, I'm going to hit my content creator agent, which is Rag, because I creator agent, which is Rag, because I creator agent, which is Rag, because I need a blog post. So, the content need a blog post. So, the content need a blog post. So, the content creator agent makes that blog post, and creator agent makes that blog post, and creator agent makes that blog post, and then we come back to the ultimate then we come back to the ultimate then we come back to the ultimate assistant, who then has to think about assistant, who then has to think about assistant, who then has to think about what's next. Then it realizes, okay, I'm what's next. Then it realizes, okay, I'm what's next. Then it realizes, okay, I'm going to send this as an email to Dexter going to send this as an email to Dexter going to send this as an email to Dexter Morgan, but I don't have Dexter Morgan's Morgan, but I don't have Dexter Morgan's Morgan, but I don't have Dexter Morgan's email. So, I'm going to hit my contact email. So, I'm going to hit my contact email. So, I'm going to hit my contact agent for more rag. The contact agent agent for more rag. The contact agent agent for more rag. The contact agent then comes back with the email address. then comes back with the email address. then comes back with the email address. The ultimate assistant says, "Okay, now The ultimate assistant says, "Okay, now The ultimate assistant says, "Okay, now I'm good to go. I can actually go ahead I'm good to go. I can actually go ahead I'm good to go. I can actually go ahead and send that email off because I have and send that email off because I have and send that email off because I have the two things I needed, which were the the two things I needed, which were the the two things I needed, which were the blog post and Dexter Morgan's contact blog post and Dexter Morgan's contact blog post and Dexter Morgan's contact information." Moving on to module four,

[11:46] information." Moving on to module four, information." Moving on to module four, I did want to have a quick section about I did want to have a quick section about I did want to have a quick section about chunkbased retrieval because it is so chunkbased retrieval because it is so chunkbased retrieval because it is so important, but it's something that has a important, but it's something that has a important, but it's something that has a lot of complexities that are important lot of complexities that are important lot of complexities that are important to think about. So chunkbased retrieval, to think about. So chunkbased retrieval, to think about. So chunkbased retrieval, which is usually a vector database with which is usually a vector database with which is usually a vector database with embeddings and stuff, is a technique embeddings and stuff, is a technique embeddings and stuff, is a technique where large documents are broken down where large documents are broken down where large documents are broken down into manageable pieces that can be into manageable pieces that can be into manageable pieces that can be searched and retrieved more effectively. searched and retrieved more effectively. searched and retrieved more effectively. Now, this is important because AI agents Now, this is important because AI agents Now, this is important because AI agents with different AI models have different with different AI models have different with different AI models have different context windows and sometimes those are context windows and sometimes those are context windows and sometimes those are limited. So you couldn't drop a 65page limited. So you couldn't drop a 65page limited. So you couldn't drop a 65page PDF at your agent and expect it to be PDF at your agent and expect it to be PDF at your agent and expect it to be able to see all of it and read all of it

[12:16] able to see all of it and read all of it able to see all of it and read all of it and process all of it at one time. But and process all of it at one time. But and process all of it at one time. But if we chunked them up and we put them if we chunked them up and we put them if we chunked them up and we put them into a vector database, the agent would into a vector database, the agent would into a vector database, the agent would be able to really quickly and easily be able to really quickly and easily be able to really quickly and easily search through them semantically and search through them semantically and search through them semantically and pull back the chunks that it needs. The pull back the chunks that it needs. The pull back the chunks that it needs. The issue here is that with chunkbased issue here is that with chunkbased issue here is that with chunkbased retrieval, we're losing the retrieval, we're losing the retrieval, we're losing the relationships and the context of the relationships and the context of the relationships and the context of the entire document as a whole. So, if I entire document as a whole. So, if I entire document as a whole. So, if I dropped in a 65page PDF, it got chunked dropped in a 65page PDF, it got chunked dropped in a 65page PDF, it got chunked up and put into a database and I said, up and put into a database and I said, up and put into a database and I said, "Hey, Mr. AI agent, can you summarize "Hey, Mr. AI agent, can you summarize "Hey, Mr. AI agent, can you summarize that whole PDF?" It would not do a very that whole PDF?" It would not do a very that whole PDF?" It would not do a very good job. There are some things we can

[12:46] good job. There are some things we can good job. There are some things we can do though to make our chunkbased do though to make our chunkbased do though to make our chunkbased retrieval a little more accurate and retrieval a little more accurate and retrieval a little more accurate and customize it to our use cases. So, let customize it to our use cases. So, let customize it to our use cases. So, let me dive into that real quick. Before we me dive into that real quick. Before we me dive into that real quick. Before we get there, I just wanted to explain get there, I just wanted to explain get there, I just wanted to explain visually how this works. So, this is our visually how this works. So, this is our visually how this works. So, this is our 65page PDF. We chunk it up into a bunch 65page PDF. We chunk it up into a bunch 65page PDF. We chunk it up into a bunch of pieces. We run it through an embedded of pieces. We run it through an embedded of pieces. We run it through an embedded model to get turned into a numerical model to get turned into a numerical model to get turned into a numerical representation of that chunk. And then representation of that chunk. And then representation of that chunk. And then the chunks are placed in the the chunks are placed in the the chunks are placed in the multi-dimensional space based on the multi-dimensional space based on the multi-dimensional space based on the meaning. So let's say this chunk right meaning. So let's say this chunk right meaning. So let's say this chunk right here was talking about trees, it would here was talking about trees, it would here was talking about trees, it would get put up here. This chunk was talking get put up here. This chunk was talking get put up here. This chunk was talking about dogs, it would get put over here.

[13:16] about dogs, it would get put over here. about dogs, it would get put over here. And then this chunk was talking about And then this chunk was talking about And then this chunk was talking about fruit, it gets put here. So in the fruit, it gets put here. So in the fruit, it gets put here. So in the future, if we put in more chunks and we future, if we put in more chunks and we future, if we put in more chunks and we put in a whole PDF about dogs, they'll put in a whole PDF about dogs, they'll put in a whole PDF about dogs, they'll all be near this other chunk that means all be near this other chunk that means all be near this other chunk that means dogs. And we can use things like dogs. And we can use things like dogs. And we can use things like metadata, which is just data about data, metadata, which is just data about data, metadata, which is just data about data, to make the context of the chunks more to make the context of the chunks more to make the context of the chunks more rich. So in this example, we're putting rich. So in this example, we're putting rich. So in this example, we're putting in transcripts of a YouTube video. So we in transcripts of a YouTube video. So we in transcripts of a YouTube video. So we have YouTube video A, YouTube video B, have YouTube video A, YouTube video B, have YouTube video A, YouTube video B, and YouTube video C. If we put all the and YouTube video C. If we put all the and YouTube video C. If we put all the chunks in the vector database, we chunks in the vector database, we chunks in the vector database, we wouldn't actually know which chunk came wouldn't actually know which chunk came wouldn't actually know which chunk came from which original video. But if we add

[13:48] from which original video. But if we add from which original video. But if we add metadata like okay this chunk the title metadata like okay this chunk the title metadata like okay this chunk the title of the video was this the URL of the of the video was this the URL of the of the video was this the URL of the video was this and the timestamp of this video was this and the timestamp of this video was this and the timestamp of this specific chunk in the overall larger specific chunk in the overall larger specific chunk in the overall larger video is this and then when our agent video is this and then when our agent video is this and then when our agent actually pulls back the chunks it knows actually pulls back the chunks it knows actually pulls back the chunks it knows exactly what video the URL and exactly exactly what video the URL and exactly exactly what video the URL and exactly what time in that video it came from. So what time in that video it came from. So what time in that video it came from. So that's a way we can really enrich our that's a way we can really enrich our that's a way we can really enrich our data and our retrieval and our answer data and our retrieval and our answer data and our retrieval and our answer generation with our AI agents using generation with our AI agents using generation with our AI agents using something like metadata. There's also something like metadata. There's also something like metadata. There's also other things you can do with chunkbased other things you can do with chunkbased other things you can do with chunkbased retrieval like reranking or scoring retrieval like reranking or scoring retrieval like reranking or scoring because when you pull back the most

[14:19] because when you pull back the most because when you pull back the most relevant chunks, they'll usually be a relevant chunks, they'll usually be a relevant chunks, they'll usually be a relevant score. So you can have a relevant score. So you can have a relevant score. So you can have a workflow where you're taking back a workflow where you're taking back a workflow where you're taking back a bunch of chunks and then you're only bunch of chunks and then you're only bunch of chunks and then you're only going to keep ones with a relevant score going to keep ones with a relevant score going to keep ones with a relevant score above like 75 or something like that. Or above like 75 or something like that. Or above like 75 or something like that. Or you could use a reranker. So I'll show a you could use a reranker. So I'll show a you could use a reranker. So I'll show a real quick visualization of what that real quick visualization of what that real quick visualization of what that means. So let's say we ask a question means. So let's say we ask a question means. So let's say we ask a question about what do I do if my ball goes out about what do I do if my ball goes out about what do I do if my ball goes out of bounds. That question gets embedded of bounds. That question gets embedded of bounds. That question gets embedded and put into the vector database. We'll and put into the vector database. We'll and put into the vector database. We'll grab the nearest vectors and pull them grab the nearest vectors and pull them grab the nearest vectors and pull them back. When we pull those back, they get back. When we pull those back, they get back. When we pull those back, they get turned back into their actual text turned back into their actual text turned back into their actual text representation and then we feed all representation and then we feed all representation and then we feed all those into the rag agent who will then those into the rag agent who will then those into the rag agent who will then answer. But if we use a re-ranker, what

[14:50] answer. But if we use a re-ranker, what answer. But if we use a re-ranker, what we can do is rather than pulling back we can do is rather than pulling back we can do is rather than pulling back just three chunks, we could pull back 10 just three chunks, we could pull back 10 just three chunks, we could pull back 10 and then we could feed them all into a and then we could feed them all into a and then we could feed them all into a reranker. It will automatically assess reranker. It will automatically assess reranker. It will automatically assess which ones are the most relevant and which ones are the most relevant and which ones are the most relevant and then keep the top three and then feed then keep the top three and then feed then keep the top three and then feed those into the agent and arguably you'll those into the agent and arguably you'll those into the agent and arguably you'll get more accurate results. Anyways, get more accurate results. Anyways, get more accurate results. Anyways, here's the actual system I used for that here's the actual system I used for that here's the actual system I used for that YouTube transcript rag agent. And I just YouTube transcript rag agent. And I just YouTube transcript rag agent. And I just wanted to show you guys this is kind of wanted to show you guys this is kind of wanted to show you guys this is kind of the pipeline that we have where we're the pipeline that we have where we're the pipeline that we have where we're getting the transcript, we're getting getting the transcript, we're getting getting the transcript, we're getting the timestamps, and everything we need the timestamps, and everything we need the timestamps, and everything we need and feeding that into a vector database. and feeding that into a vector database. and feeding that into a vector database. And what we can do is inside right here,

[15:20] And what we can do is inside right here, And what we can do is inside right here, this default data loader. That's where this default data loader. That's where this default data loader. That's where we can load in the metadata we want like we can load in the metadata we want like we can load in the metadata we want like the video title, the timestamp, and the the video title, the timestamp, and the the video title, the timestamp, and the video URL. All right, moving on to video URL. All right, moving on to video URL. All right, moving on to module five, we have summarization module five, we have summarization module five, we have summarization techniques. Summarization is the process techniques. Summarization is the process techniques. Summarization is the process of condensing large amounts of of condensing large amounts of of condensing large amounts of information into a concise relevant information into a concise relevant information into a concise relevant summary that can be efficiently summary that can be efficiently summary that can be efficiently processed by the AI model. Kind of processed by the AI model. Kind of processed by the AI model. Kind of similar to the theory of chunking similar to the theory of chunking similar to the theory of chunking because you know we don't want to feed because you know we don't want to feed because you know we don't want to feed so much information into an AI model. so much information into an AI model. so much information into an AI model. This is really important not only when This is really important not only when This is really important not only when we're thinking about the context window we're thinking about the context window we're thinking about the context window but also from a cost perspective because but also from a cost perspective because but also from a cost perspective because the more characters the AI model

[15:50] the more characters the AI model the more characters the AI model receives the more tokens it has to receives the more tokens it has to receives the more tokens it has to process which means it's going to be process which means it's going to be process which means it's going to be more expensive for you. So the idea here more expensive for you. So the idea here more expensive for you. So the idea here is if we can take a big chunk of text is if we can take a big chunk of text is if we can take a big chunk of text that has good information that we need that has good information that we need that has good information that we need but just summarize it in the key points, but just summarize it in the key points, but just summarize it in the key points, it will still help the agent create a it will still help the agent create a it will still help the agent create a better answer and it will optimize our better answer and it will optimize our better answer and it will optimize our cost. So one cool example of that is a cost. So one cool example of that is a cost. So one cool example of that is a video I did recently with Zep memory video I did recently with Zep memory video I did recently with Zep memory which is like a user relational graph which is like a user relational graph which is like a user relational graph for memory. And what you can see is if for memory. And what you can see is if for memory. And what you can see is if we use Zep memory natively like this, it we use Zep memory natively like this, it we use Zep memory natively like this, it was pulling in so much context and a lot was pulling in so much context and a lot was pulling in so much context and a lot of it wasn't even that relevant and we

[16:21] of it wasn't even that relevant and we of it wasn't even that relevant and we were wasting so many tokens every single were wasting so many tokens every single were wasting so many tokens every single time. So what I did is I pulled in time. So what I did is I pulled in time. So what I did is I pulled in context window and user graph separately context window and user graph separately context window and user graph separately through an an HTTP request and I was through an an HTTP request and I was through an an HTTP request and I was able to control keeping the relevant able to control keeping the relevant able to control keeping the relevant ones only keeping a few and feeding ones only keeping a few and feeding ones only keeping a few and feeding those into the AI agent and it processed those into the AI agent and it processed those into the AI agent and it processed way less tokens and it cut the cost way less tokens and it cut the cost way less tokens and it cut the cost significantly. Another cool way you significantly. Another cool way you significantly. Another cool way you could think about summarization is, you could think about summarization is, you could think about summarization is, you know, it doesn't have to be vector know, it doesn't have to be vector know, it doesn't have to be vector database, but in this case, let's say it database, but in this case, let's say it database, but in this case, let's say it is. What you're doing over here is is. What you're doing over here is is. What you're doing over here is you're giving the agent access to the you're giving the agent access to the you're giving the agent access to the vector database and everything it pulls vector database and everything it pulls vector database and everything it pulls back gets processed by the AI model,

[16:51] back gets processed by the AI model, back gets processed by the AI model, which could be tons of tokens and it which could be tons of tokens and it which could be tons of tokens and it could get expensive. But over here on could get expensive. But over here on could get expensive. But over here on the right is a cool thing that you can the right is a cool thing that you can the right is a cool thing that you can do where you're going to do rag in a do where you're going to do rag in a do where you're going to do rag in a subworkflow. So same theory the agent subworkflow. So same theory the agent subworkflow. So same theory the agent will hit it superbase tool to get will hit it superbase tool to get will hit it superbase tool to get information but rather than just quering information but rather than just quering information but rather than just quering the tool and getting the raw output it the tool and getting the raw output it the tool and getting the raw output it will be quering a subworkflow that we will be quering a subworkflow that we will be quering a subworkflow that we built which then queries the tool feeds built which then queries the tool feeds built which then queries the tool feeds it into a summarization chain makes it it into a summarization chain makes it it into a summarization chain makes it more concise and then feeds that summary more concise and then feeds that summary more concise and then feeds that summary back to the main agent and it's back to the main agent and it's back to the main agent and it's basically keeping all the same important basically keeping all the same important basically keeping all the same important information and doing its job for information and doing its job for information and doing its job for cheaper. And then finally which I think

[17:21] cheaper. And then finally which I think cheaper. And then finally which I think is probably the most important module is is probably the most important module is is probably the most important module is about mindset. So these are the five about mindset. So these are the five about mindset. So these are the five things I wanted to touch on that I found things I wanted to touch on that I found things I wanted to touch on that I found myself talking a lot about in my myself talking a lot about in my myself talking a lot about in my communities and stuff like that when I communities and stuff like that when I communities and stuff like that when I was answering questions about context was answering questions about context was answering questions about context engineering. The first one is to begin engineering. The first one is to begin engineering. The first one is to begin with the end in mind. If you have a with the end in mind. If you have a with the end in mind. If you have a highle idea of the system you want to highle idea of the system you want to highle idea of the system you want to build, you typically know what the agent build, you typically know what the agent build, you typically know what the agent will be doing and what type of queries will be doing and what type of queries will be doing and what type of queries it will be receiving. And if you can it will be receiving. And if you can it will be receiving. And if you can define the exact queries your agent will define the exact queries your agent will define the exact queries your agent will send and the document types it needs. send and the document types it needs. send and the document types it needs. This will help you decide whether it This will help you decide whether it This will help you decide whether it needs to fetch full files or if relevant needs to fetch full files or if relevant needs to fetch full files or if relevant chunk semantic search is sufficient or

[17:53] chunk semantic search is sufficient or chunk semantic search is sufficient or not. And when you understand the type of not. And when you understand the type of not. And when you understand the type of knowledge bases the agent will actually knowledge bases the agent will actually knowledge bases the agent will actually need to use, that's going to help you need to use, that's going to help you need to use, that's going to help you set up your pipeline in the beginning, set up your pipeline in the beginning, set up your pipeline in the beginning, which is the foundation of everything of which is the foundation of everything of which is the foundation of everything of how am I actually going to get this data how am I actually going to get this data how am I actually going to get this data into something that my agent can talk into something that my agent can talk into something that my agent can talk to. Do I need to give it the full doc? to. Do I need to give it the full doc? to. Do I need to give it the full doc? Do I need to chunk it up? What do I need Do I need to chunk it up? What do I need Do I need to chunk it up? What do I need to do here? So before you build that to do here? So before you build that to do here? So before you build that database, that source of truth, think database, that source of truth, think database, that source of truth, think about the way the agent is going to use about the way the agent is going to use about the way the agent is going to use it. A lot of times it's not just going it. A lot of times it's not just going it. A lot of times it's not just going to be one database. Maybe it's multiple to be one database. Maybe it's multiple to be one database. Maybe it's multiple vector stores or maybe it's multiple vector stores or maybe it's multiple vector stores or maybe it's multiple files and folders. The second point files and folders. The second point files and folders. The second point would be about designing your data would be about designing your data would be about designing your data pipeline. These data pipelines are so

[18:24] pipeline. These data pipelines are so pipeline. These data pipelines are so important. You have to think about all important. You have to think about all important. You have to think about all the sources that you're going to have. the sources that you're going to have. the sources that you're going to have. Are these going to be static or dynamic? Are these going to be static or dynamic? Are these going to be static or dynamic? Do they update frequently? Do I delete Do they update frequently? Do I delete Do they update frequently? Do I delete them frequently? How do I set up an them frequently? How do I set up an them frequently? How do I set up an automation to keep all of this relevant? automation to keep all of this relevant? automation to keep all of this relevant? If your agent's looking at a scraped If your agent's looking at a scraped If your agent's looking at a scraped website, how often does the website get website, how often does the website get website, how often does the website get updated? How often do we need to updated? How often do we need to updated? How often do we need to re-trigger the automation to pull in the re-trigger the automation to pull in the re-trigger the automation to pull in the website? Same thing with your database website? Same thing with your database website? Same thing with your database folders, your vector databases, you need folders, your vector databases, you need folders, your vector databases, you need to think about your refresh frequency to think about your refresh frequency to think about your refresh frequency and what happens in the case of and what happens in the case of and what happens in the case of deletions. And that leads really well deletions. And that leads really well deletions. And that leads really well into the next point, which is ensuring into the next point, which is ensuring into the next point, which is ensuring data accuracy. The whole reason of data accuracy. The whole reason of data accuracy. The whole reason of setting up context engineering and our

[18:54] setting up context engineering and our setting up context engineering and our rag systems is so the agent uses its rag systems is so the agent uses its rag systems is so the agent uses its tools, it pulls back relevant, tools, it pulls back relevant, tools, it pulls back relevant, up-to-date, accurate information and up-to-date, accurate information and up-to-date, accurate information and then answers. So if your knowledge bases then answers. So if your knowledge bases then answers. So if your knowledge bases are out ofd or inaccurate and the agent are out ofd or inaccurate and the agent are out ofd or inaccurate and the agent pulls it back, it's going to also answer pulls it back, it's going to also answer pulls it back, it's going to also answer inaccurately. But really the data inaccurately. But really the data inaccurately. But really the data pipeline is so so important. It is pipeline is so so important. It is pipeline is so so important. It is basically the foundation of basically the foundation of basically the foundation of standardizing your data, preparing it to standardizing your data, preparing it to standardizing your data, preparing it to come in and then uploading it to the come in and then uploading it to the come in and then uploading it to the right spot. And this is where you have a right spot. And this is where you have a right spot. And this is where you have a lot of control because what you want to lot of control because what you want to lot of control because what you want to do is have predictable inputs, do is have predictable inputs, do is have predictable inputs, predictable standardization, and then

[19:24] predictable standardization, and then predictable standardization, and then predictable loading into a database. predictable loading into a database. predictable loading into a database. Point number four is to optimize context Point number four is to optimize context Point number four is to optimize context windows. Load only the most relevant windows. Load only the most relevant windows. Load only the most relevant information to control costs and prevent information to control costs and prevent information to control costs and prevent overload. If you're taking a history overload. If you're taking a history overload. If you're taking a history exam and you need to look up information exam and you need to look up information exam and you need to look up information about World War I, you would have your about World War I, you would have your about World War I, you would have your cheat sheet with clear labels and you cheat sheet with clear labels and you cheat sheet with clear labels and you would literally just go straight to the would literally just go straight to the would literally just go straight to the little section about World War I. little section about World War I. little section about World War I. There's no reason you would start from There's no reason you would start from There's no reason you would start from the beginning of your whole cheat sheet, the beginning of your whole cheat sheet, the beginning of your whole cheat sheet, read all of it through all the way down, read all of it through all the way down, read all of it through all the way down, and then finally get to what you and then finally get to what you and then finally get to what you actually need. So, if you can set up actually need. So, if you can set up actually need. So, if you can set up systems to make sure that your agents systems to make sure that your agents systems to make sure that your agents only looking and making requests for the

[19:55] only looking and making requests for the only looking and making requests for the most relevant information based on that most relevant information based on that most relevant information based on that user input, then quicker executions, user input, then quicker executions, user input, then quicker executions, more highquality results, more more highquality results, more more highquality results, more consistent results, and also most consistent results, and also most consistent results, and also most importantly, cheaper results. And then importantly, cheaper results. And then importantly, cheaper results. And then number five, which I think is really number five, which I think is really number five, which I think is really important, is to embrace AI important, is to embrace AI important, is to embrace AI specialization. ever I have an AI agent specialization. ever I have an AI agent specialization. ever I have an AI agent or an AI model in some aspect of an or an AI model in some aspect of an or an AI model in some aspect of an automation, I try to think to myself, automation, I try to think to myself, automation, I try to think to myself, how can I make this AI just do one job how can I make this AI just do one job how can I make this AI just do one job really well? It's cool that you can have really well? It's cool that you can have really well? It's cool that you can have AI agents do tons of different jobs and AI agents do tons of different jobs and AI agents do tons of different jobs and all handle it in one like some sort of all handle it in one like some sort of all handle it in one like some sort of super agent. But that's kind of the

[20:25] super agent. But that's kind of the super agent. But that's kind of the whole reason why with the Ultimate whole reason why with the Ultimate whole reason why with the Ultimate Assistant, rather than giving it all the Assistant, rather than giving it all the Assistant, rather than giving it all the Gmail tools, all the calendar tools, all Gmail tools, all the calendar tools, all Gmail tools, all the calendar tools, all the contact tools, we give it fewer the contact tools, we give it fewer the contact tools, we give it fewer tools and then all it has to do is take tools and then all it has to do is take tools and then all it has to do is take care of basically delegating the query care of basically delegating the query care of basically delegating the query to the right spot. If you have a process to the right spot. If you have a process to the right spot. If you have a process of like four major steps where your of like four major steps where your of like four major steps where your agent could do research, write the agent could do research, write the agent could do research, write the report, you know, create a message, report, you know, create a message, report, you know, create a message, whatever it is, it would probably be whatever it is, it would probably be whatever it is, it would probably be more consistent for you to have one more consistent for you to have one more consistent for you to have one agent take care of each of those steps agent take care of each of those steps agent take care of each of those steps in the process. Think of it like an in the process. Think of it like an in the process. Think of it like an assembly line. Everyone does one thing assembly line. Everyone does one thing assembly line. Everyone does one thing and then they take that input, they do

[20:55] and then they take that input, they do and then they take that input, they do it, and then they pass it off to the it, and then they pass it off to the it, and then they pass it off to the next step. This makes it way more next step. This makes it way more next step. This makes it way more efficient. This makes everyone really efficient. This makes everyone really efficient. This makes everyone really good and really quick at their own job. good and really quick at their own job. good and really quick at their own job. And it also helps with your prompting And it also helps with your prompting And it also helps with your prompting because then you're able to get in there because then you're able to get in there because then you're able to get in there and really specifically prompt this one and really specifically prompt this one and really specifically prompt this one agent to do its one job. And then the agent to do its one job. And then the agent to do its one job. And then the cool thing there is you can have each AI cool thing there is you can have each AI cool thing there is you can have each AI step use a different AI model if you step use a different AI model if you step use a different AI model if you want. We all know different models are want. We all know different models are want. We all know different models are good at different things and sometimes good at different things and sometimes good at different things and sometimes it can be tough to see which model it can be tough to see which model it can be tough to see which model should I use for which use case. But if should I use for which use case. But if should I use for which use case. But if you have everything split up, you can go you have everything split up, you can go you have everything split up, you can go ahead and test a different model for ahead and test a different model for ahead and test a different model for every single different step in the every single different step in the every single different step in the process. So that was all I had for you

[21:26] process. So that was all I had for you process. So that was all I had for you guys today. I didn't want to overwhelm guys today. I didn't want to overwhelm guys today. I didn't want to overwhelm you with too much information, but you with too much information, but you with too much information, but hopefully it was helpful. If you want to hopefully it was helpful. If you want to hopefully it was helpful. If you want to access the link to this Excal so you can access the link to this Excal so you can access the link to this Excal so you can take a look on your own time, then you take a look on your own time, then you take a look on your own time, then you can access it in my free school can access it in my free school can access it in my free school community. The link for that will be community. The link for that will be community. The link for that will be down in the description. All you have to down in the description. All you have to down in the description. All you have to do is join the community and then search do is join the community and then search do is join the community and then search for the title of the video up at the top for the title of the video up at the top for the title of the video up at the top or you can go to YouTube resources, find or you can go to YouTube resources, find or you can go to YouTube resources, find the post associated with this video and the post associated with this video and the post associated with this video and let's say it was this video right here. let's say it was this video right here. let's say it was this video right here. You would see basically a link somewhere You would see basically a link somewhere You would see basically a link somewhere in this post that would take you to the in this post that would take you to the in this post that would take you to the Excalibraw. And if you found this video Excalibraw. And if you found this video Excalibraw. And if you found this video interesting and you're looking to deeper interesting and you're looking to deeper interesting and you're looking to deeper dive into some of those aspects of

[21:57] dive into some of those aspects of dive into some of those aspects of context engineering that I touched on, context engineering that I touched on, context engineering that I touched on, then definitely check out my paid then definitely check out my paid then definitely check out my paid community. Link for that is also down in community. Link for that is also down in community. Link for that is also down in the description. We've got a great the description. We've got a great the description. We've got a great community of members. Everyone is community of members. Everyone is community of members. Everyone is building every day with NADN sharing building every day with NADN sharing building every day with NADN sharing their challenges, sharing their wins, their challenges, sharing their wins, their challenges, sharing their wins, sharing their projects. And we've got a sharing their projects. And we've got a sharing their projects. And we've got a classroom section with two full courses. classroom section with two full courses. classroom section with two full courses. Agent Zero is the foundations for AI Agent Zero is the foundations for AI Agent Zero is the foundations for AI automation. So if you're a beginner, a automation. So if you're a beginner, a automation. So if you're a beginner, a great place to get some structured great place to get some structured great place to get some structured guidance. And then 10 hours to 10 guidance. And then 10 hours to 10 guidance. And then 10 hours to 10 seconds where you learn how to identify, seconds where you learn how to identify, seconds where you learn how to identify, design, and build time-saving design, and build time-saving design, and build time-saving automations. So, that's going to do it automations. So, that's going to do it automations. So, that's going to do it for this one. I would love to see you for this one. I would love to see you for this one. I would love to see you guys in those communities, but hope you guys in those communities, but hope you guys in those communities, but hope you enjoyed the video. If you did or if you

[22:27] enjoyed the video. If you did or if you enjoyed the video. If you did or if you learned something new, please give it a learned something new, please give it a learned something new, please give it a like. It definitely helps me out a ton. like. It definitely helps me out a ton. like. It definitely helps me out a ton. And as always, I really appreciate you And as always, I really appreciate you And as always, I really appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. guys making it to the end of the video. guys making it to the end of the video. I'll see you on the next one. Thanks I'll see you on the next one. Thanks I'll see you on the next one. Thanks guys.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=wq001sxDTWw
