# Transcript: I Had Opus 5.5 Build me the Same App at Every Effort Level

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCkHIyEPIYo
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 26:37 · Words: 19478
Other available languages: a-bn (bn) [auto], a-nl-NL (nl-NL) [auto], a-fr-FR (fr-FR) [auto], a-de-DE (de-DE) [auto], a-iw (iw) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-ja (ja) [auto], a-ko (ko) [auto], a-ml (ml) [auto], a-pl (pl) [auto], a-pt-BR (pt-BR) [auto], a-pa (pa) [auto], a-ru (ru) [auto], a-es-US (es-US) [auto], a-ta (ta) [auto], a-te (te) [auto], a-uk (uk) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/QCkHIyEPIYo.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=QCkHIyEPIYo

## Transcript
[0:04] Opus 5.5, Opus 5.5, Opus 5.5, Opus 5.5, Opus 5.5, Opus 5.5, Opus 5.5, Opus 5.5, Opus 5.5. This model is literally Opus 5.5. This model is literally Opus 5.5. This model is literally everywhere and for very good reason. everywhere and for very good reason. everywhere and for very good reason. It's smart. It's cheap. It has amazing It's smart. It's cheap. It has amazing It's smart. It's cheap. It has amazing taste. It is an incredible AI model. But taste. It is an incredible AI model. But taste. It is an incredible AI model. But with every AI model, you have a choice with every AI model, you have a choice with every AI model, you have a choice of effort. Whether that be low, medium, of effort. Whether that be low, medium, of effort. Whether that be low, medium, high, extra, max, or ultra code. So in high, extra, max, or ultra code. So in high, extra, max, or ultra code. So in this video, I gave Opus 5.5 the same this video, I gave Opus 5.5 the same this video, I gave Opus 5.5 the same exact prompt, and I ran it on every exact prompt, and I ran it on every exact prompt, and I ran it on every single effort level. And we're going to single effort level. And we're going to single effort level. And we're going to be comparing the results. We will look be comparing the results. We will look be comparing the results. We will look at the quality of all of the different at the quality of all of the different at the quality of all of the different actual outputs, but then we're also actual outputs, but then we're also actual outputs, but then we're also going to look at how long each one of going to look at how long each one of going to look at how long each one of these ran, how much it cost us if it was these ran, how much it cost us if it was these ran, how much it cost us if it was API billing, the total tokens, how many

[0:35] API billing, the total tokens, how many API billing, the total tokens, how many checks they ran, and how many questions checks they ran, and how many questions checks they ran, and how many questions they actually asked me throughout the they actually asked me throughout the they actually asked me throughout the process. And the results that we got are process. And the results that we got are process. And the results that we got are not what I expected at all. So, I can't not what I expected at all. So, I can't not what I expected at all. So, I can't wait to share this with you guys. Let's wait to share this with you guys. Let's wait to share this with you guys. Let's not waste any time and just get straight not waste any time and just get straight not waste any time and just get straight into this one. Okay, so let's jump right into this one. Okay, so let's jump right into this one. Okay, so let's jump right into this one. I want to start off just into this one. I want to start off just into this one. I want to start off just by showing you guys the actual prompt by showing you guys the actual prompt by showing you guys the actual prompt that we used that we gave to every that we used that we gave to every that we used that we gave to every single one of these different agents. single one of these different agents. single one of these different agents. I'm going to go into the files over here I'm going to go into the files over here I'm going to go into the files over here and we're going to open up this prompt and we're going to open up this prompt and we're going to open up this prompt markdown file and I'll show you what we markdown file and I'll show you what we markdown file and I'll show you what we got. So, here is the / goal that I fed got. So, here is the / goal that I fed got. So, here is the / goal that I fed in. I said, "You need to create me a 3D in. I said, "You need to create me a 3D in. I said, "You need to create me a 3D world that is a realistic tech world that is a realistic tech world that is a realistic tech conference that I can walk around in conference that I can walk around in conference that I can walk around in thirdp person view. You will look at thirdp person view. You will look at thirdp person view. You will look at this folder, which is my event recording

[1:06] this folder, which is my event recording this folder, which is my event recording assets from AIS Live." In this folder is assets from AIS Live." In this folder is assets from AIS Live." In this folder is a frame IO folder of 105 GB of video a frame IO folder of 105 GB of video a frame IO folder of 105 GB of video recordings. This was a completely recordings. This was a completely recordings. This was a completely virtual event. Everything was recorded virtual event. Everything was recorded virtual event. Everything was recorded and all of the recordings are right and all of the recordings are right and all of the recordings are right here. I said, "Your goal is to take this here. I said, "Your goal is to take this here. I said, "Your goal is to take this event and turn it into a 3D explorable event and turn it into a 3D explorable event and turn it into a 3D explorable world that makes me feel like I actually world that makes me feel like I actually world that makes me feel like I actually went to a real in-person conference with went to a real in-person conference with went to a real in-person conference with different rooms, different tracks, different rooms, different tracks, different rooms, different tracks, different stages, blah blah blah. Feel different stages, blah blah blah. Feel different stages, blah blah blah. Feel free to use key.ai if you need to free to use key.ai if you need to free to use key.ai if you need to generate any images or videos. And you generate any images or videos. And you generate any images or videos. And you can also use anything else inside of my can also use anything else inside of my can also use anything else inside of my Herk 2 project, which is like my AI Herk 2 project, which is like my AI Herk 2 project, which is like my AI operating system." I said, "You'll be operating system." I said, "You'll be operating system." I said, "You'll be judged on creativity, design, physics, judged on creativity, design, physics, judged on creativity, design, physics, and the overall feel as I explore the 3D

[1:37] and the overall feel as I explore the 3D and the overall feel as I explore the 3D world that you built." And that was world that you built." And that was world that you built." And that was basically the end of the instructions. basically the end of the instructions. basically the end of the instructions. So, as you can see on this lefth hand So, as you can see on this lefth hand So, as you can see on this lefth hand side, I ran this through all of the side, I ran this through all of the side, I ran this through all of the different effort levels. Let's start off different effort levels. Let's start off different effort levels. Let's start off with low and work our way up to ultra with low and work our way up to ultra with low and work our way up to ultra code. All right, so here we have the code. All right, so here we have the code. All right, so here we have the result from low. Let's open this up and result from low. Let's open this up and result from low. Let's open this up and take a look. So we have AIS Live AI take a look. So we have AIS Live AI take a look. So we have AIS Live AI services summit in person finally and we services summit in person finally and we services summit in person finally and we are able to click around. First of all, are able to click around. First of all, are able to click around. First of all, this doesn't feel very branded. Like this doesn't feel very branded. Like this doesn't feel very branded. Like this isn't the AIS Live logo. It's not this isn't the AIS Live logo. It's not this isn't the AIS Live logo. It's not even our colors. So I don't love that. even our colors. So I don't love that. even our colors. So I don't love that. But let's get in here. Okay, this is way But let's get in here. Okay, this is way But let's get in here. Okay, this is way too bright. Um, we have a map in the top too bright. Um, we have a map in the top too bright. Um, we have a map in the top right. We have a city back here. I can't

[2:07] right. We have a city back here. I can't right. We have a city back here. I can't tell what city this is. Okay, this is tell what city this is. Okay, this is tell what city this is. Okay, this is Chicago, which is kind of cool because, Chicago, which is kind of cool because, Chicago, which is kind of cool because, you know, I live in Chicago. But you know, I live in Chicago. But you know, I live in Chicago. But anyways, on the top right we can see a anyways, on the top right we can see a anyways, on the top right we can see a map. We have a lobby. We have an expo map. We have a lobby. We have an expo map. We have a lobby. We have an expo hall. We have VIP lounge. Main stage. hall. We have VIP lounge. Main stage. hall. We have VIP lounge. Main stage. Also, the map shows where every other Also, the map shows where every other Also, the map shows where every other person is. And that's syncing live. So, person is. And that's syncing live. So, person is. And that's syncing live. So, we can see registration. We can see day we can see registration. We can see day we can see registration. We can see day one. Hyper agent keynote live debrief. one. Hyper agent keynote live debrief. one. Hyper agent keynote live debrief. Cool. So, it actually does know the Cool. So, it actually does know the Cool. So, it actually does know the agenda. And then there's day two. So, it agenda. And then there's day two. So, it agenda. And then there's day two. So, it found that. That's good. We have these found that. That's good. We have these found that. That's good. We have these little balls in here that I can little balls in here that I can little balls in here that I can hopefully kick around. Okay. The fix. hopefully kick around. Okay. The fix. hopefully kick around. Okay. The fix. Oh, look at this. If I go over here, all Oh, look at this. If I go over here, all Oh, look at this. If I go over here, all the people just disappear. Very bad.

[2:37] the people just disappear. Very bad. the people just disappear. Very bad. Very bad. Okay. So, let's see. Can I Very bad. Okay. So, let's see. Can I Very bad. Okay. So, let's see. Can I sprint? Okay, I can move a little sprint? Okay, I can move a little sprint? Okay, I can move a little faster. I'll first go over here. There's faster. I'll first go over here. There's faster. I'll first go over here. There's some swag. Um, AI+ certified glido. some swag. Um, AI+ certified glido. some swag. Um, AI+ certified glido. Okay, so it's got the actual booths that Okay, so it's got the actual booths that Okay, so it's got the actual booths that we had in the virtual event. We had we had in the virtual event. We had we had in the virtual event. We had booths. So, that's pretty cool. Little booths. So, that's pretty cool. Little booths. So, that's pretty cool. Little place to take pictures. Room C. Right place to take pictures. Room C. Right place to take pictures. Room C. Right now, we have Tangy Frederick doing a now, we have Tangy Frederick doing a now, we have Tangy Frederick doing a workshop. Okay, but this isn't a video. workshop. Okay, but this isn't a video. workshop. Okay, but this isn't a video. As you can see, it's just an image. As you can see, it's just an image. As you can see, it's just an image. She's not moving. So, that's just an She's not moving. So, that's just an She's not moving. So, that's just an image. These people are disappearing. image. These people are disappearing. image. These people are disappearing. They must be ghosts. Let's go over here They must be ghosts. Let's go over here They must be ghosts. Let's go over here to room A. We have Liberty White. Okay, to room A. We have Liberty White. Okay, to room A. We have Liberty White. Okay, very cool. Your first 30 days in

[3:07] very cool. Your first 30 days in very cool. Your first 30 days in automation. Once again, it's just a automation. Once again, it's just a automation. Once again, it's just a still image and the people are glitchy, still image and the people are glitchy, still image and the people are glitchy, so not very good here. I'm going to go so not very good here. I'm going to go so not very good here. I'm going to go over to the main stage and see what over to the main stage and see what over to the main stage and see what we've got going. Okay, cool. So, we have we've got going. Okay, cool. So, we have we've got going. Okay, cool. So, we have a main looking stage. The people are a main looking stage. The people are a main looking stage. The people are glitching really bad. That's not very glitching really bad. That's not very glitching really bad. That's not very good at all. Our video is actually good at all. Our video is actually good at all. Our video is actually moving. Like, I saw my face here and I moving. Like, I saw my face here and I moving. Like, I saw my face here and I saw Devon's, but now they're gone. So, saw Devon's, but now they're gone. So, saw Devon's, but now they're gone. So, I'm not sure what happened. Okay, it's I'm not sure what happened. Okay, it's I'm not sure what happened. Okay, it's it looks like it's more of a slideshow. it looks like it's more of a slideshow. it looks like it's more of a slideshow. Nothing is actually being played still. Nothing is actually being played still. Nothing is actually being played still. Anyways, let's come in here. We have Anyways, let's come in here. We have Anyways, let's come in here. We have more booths. We have Hyper Agent. We more booths. We have Hyper Agent. We more booths. We have Hyper Agent. We have Claude Code. We have more swag. have Claude Code. We have more swag. have Claude Code. We have more swag. Room B's Dave Evelar. I'm assuming it's Room B's Dave Evelar. I'm assuming it's Room B's Dave Evelar. I'm assuming it's the same exact thing. We've got coffee.

[3:37] the same exact thing. We've got coffee. the same exact thing. We've got coffee. And then I'm assuming VIP lounge, VIP And then I'm assuming VIP lounge, VIP And then I'm assuming VIP lounge, VIP access only. That's pretty cool. But access only. That's pretty cool. But access only. That's pretty cool. But there's really nothing going on right there's really nothing going on right there's really nothing going on right here. That screen's way too bright. here. That screen's way too bright. here. That screen's way too bright. Okay, so I think you guys understand the Okay, so I think you guys understand the Okay, so I think you guys understand the vibe that we're getting here from Opus vibe that we're getting here from Opus vibe that we're getting here from Opus 5.5 on low effort. And here's where 5.5 on low effort. And here's where 5.5 on low effort. And here's where things get interesting. How much do you things get interesting. How much do you things get interesting. How much do you guys think that this ran for? How long? guys think that this ran for? How long? guys think that this ran for? How long? This one ran for 16 minutes and 43 This one ran for 16 minutes and 43 This one ran for 16 minutes and 43 seconds. How much do you think this seconds. How much do you think this seconds. How much do you think this cost? $3.91. If this was API billing, cost? $3.91. If this was API billing, cost? $3.91. If this was API billing, I'm obviously using my subscription I'm obviously using my subscription I'm obviously using my subscription here, but we're just going to calculate here, but we're just going to calculate here, but we're just going to calculate this in API billing. Total tokens was this in API billing. Total tokens was this in API billing. Total tokens was 191,000. It did 22 checks. So the

[4:07] 191,000. It did 22 checks. So the 191,000. It did 22 checks. So the verification 22 times it opened up the verification 22 times it opened up the verification 22 times it opened up the browser and ran different sorts of browser and ran different sorts of browser and ran different sorts of checks. So 22 categories of checks. And checks. So 22 categories of checks. And checks. So 22 categories of checks. And how many questions did it ask me? It how many questions did it ask me? It how many questions did it ask me? It asked me a total of zero questions asked me a total of zero questions asked me a total of zero questions throughout this /go prompt. Okay. So throughout this /go prompt. Okay. So throughout this /go prompt. Okay. So let's open up medium effort and see what let's open up medium effort and see what let's open up medium effort and see what we've got. Okay, here we go. Medium we've got. Okay, here we go. Medium we've got. Okay, here we go. Medium effort. We've got Nate Herk. We've got effort. We've got Nate Herk. We've got effort. We've got Nate Herk. We've got my badge. This is AI's live branded. So my badge. This is AI's live branded. So my badge. This is AI's live branded. So this is already looking a little bit this is already looking a little bit this is already looking a little bit better. This feels like our color better. This feels like our color better. This feels like our color schemes. It used our brand guidelines. schemes. It used our brand guidelines. schemes. It used our brand guidelines. Day one build. Day two earn. VIP. Cool. Day one build. Day two earn. VIP. Cool. Day one build. Day two earn. VIP. Cool. Okay. I'm going to enter the venue. Okay. I'm going to enter the venue. Okay. I'm going to enter the venue. Okay. Wow. So similar sort of vibe. a

[4:37] Okay. Wow. So similar sort of vibe. a Okay. Wow. So similar sort of vibe. a city in the background. This doesn't city in the background. This doesn't city in the background. This doesn't look like Chicago, though, does it? No, look like Chicago, though, does it? No, look like Chicago, though, does it? No, this looks like a Honestly, this looks this looks like a Honestly, this looks this looks like a Honestly, this looks like a madeup city. Either way, it's like a madeup city. Either way, it's like a madeup city. Either way, it's funny that they decided to do that. funny that they decided to do that. funny that they decided to do that. Let's see if I can move a little faster. Let's see if I can move a little faster. Let's see if I can move a little faster. Oh, wow. The people are interacting with Oh, wow. The people are interacting with Oh, wow. The people are interacting with me. Watch. If I go up to this guy, he me. Watch. If I go up to this guy, he me. Watch. If I go up to this guy, he just like raised his arm. Well, now he just like raised his arm. Well, now he just like raised his arm. Well, now he doesn't want anything to do with me at doesn't want anything to do with me at doesn't want anything to do with me at all. But all of these little robots here all. But all of these little robots here all. But all of these little robots here must be making decisions. I'm not sure must be making decisions. I'm not sure must be making decisions. I'm not sure if they're using Jev. They're definitely if they're using Jev. They're definitely if they're using Jev. They're definitely not. I didn't tell it to. Actually, my not. I didn't tell it to. Actually, my not. I didn't tell it to. Actually, my Jev key is in the back. I don't know. Jev key is in the back. I don't know. Jev key is in the back. I don't know. Maybe it did use it. Anyways, we can see Maybe it did use it. Anyways, we can see Maybe it did use it. Anyways, we can see here we have workshop room C, agents here we have workshop room C, agents here we have workshop room C, agents lab. Nice. So, this one is actually lab. Nice. So, this one is actually lab. Nice. So, this one is actually being run. You can see that is a real

[5:07] being run. You can see that is a real being run. You can see that is a real video being played by Tangy. Everyone video being played by Tangy. Everyone video being played by Tangy. Everyone here is actually like working on a here is actually like working on a here is actually like working on a laptop. They're not glitching. This is laptop. They're not glitching. This is laptop. They're not glitching. This is pretty cool. Also, my badge is on my pretty cool. Also, my badge is on my pretty cool. Also, my badge is on my chest, which is pretty cool. I can come chest, which is pretty cool. I can come chest, which is pretty cool. I can come this way. We have a map up in the top this way. We have a map up in the top this way. We have a map up in the top right, as you guys can see. But I can right, as you guys can see. But I can right, as you guys can see. But I can come this way. We have an expo hall. come this way. We have an expo hall. come this way. We have an expo hall. This is where we have the Glido booth. This is where we have the Glido booth. This is where we have the Glido booth. And this is actually playing Yeah, it's And this is actually playing Yeah, it's And this is actually playing Yeah, it's playing the video of us talking about playing the video of us talking about playing the video of us talking about Glido. It's playing the video of Ed and Glido. It's playing the video of Ed and Glido. It's playing the video of Ed and I talking about our certification I talking about our certification I talking about our certification program. We've got the AIS Plus logo program. We've got the AIS Plus logo program. We've got the AIS Plus logo back here, which is kind of in a weird back here, which is kind of in a weird back here, which is kind of in a weird spot. This is a speaker slides and spot. This is a speaker slides and spot. This is a speaker slides and takeaways. So, wow. This is all the takeaways. So, wow. This is all the takeaways. So, wow. This is all the resources that we gave out after the

[5:38] resources that we gave out after the resources that we gave out after the event. They're all sitting right there event. They're all sitting right there event. They're all sitting right there as well. We can see we've got a as well. We can see we've got a as well. We can see we've got a community spotlight. So, this is Aiden community spotlight. So, this is Aiden community spotlight. So, this is Aiden talking about his deal that he landed talking about his deal that he landed talking about his deal that he landed and it's playing live. These people are and it's playing live. These people are and it's playing live. These people are watching. They're pretty engaged. We've watching. They're pretty engaged. We've watching. They're pretty engaged. We've got hyper agent. That was that's what I got hyper agent. That was that's what I got hyper agent. That was that's what I meant if you guys saw those people like meant if you guys saw those people like meant if you guys saw those people like raising their arms saying hi. That that raising their arms saying hi. That that raising their arms saying hi. That that was kind of funny. Look, there he goes was kind of funny. Look, there he goes was kind of funny. Look, there he goes again. Anyways, okay. Where am I now? again. Anyways, okay. Where am I now? again. Anyways, okay. Where am I now? Now I'm in the main lobby. We've got a Now I'm in the main lobby. We've got a Now I'm in the main lobby. We've got a coffee bar. We've got a big logo, which coffee bar. We've got a big logo, which coffee bar. We've got a big logo, which is the real logo. It's too bright, but is the real logo. It's too bright, but is the real logo. It's too bright, but we have the logo. We can see if we can we have the logo. We can see if we can we have the logo. We can see if we can come in here to the foundation track. come in here to the foundation track. come in here to the foundation track. We've got Sabrina Romanov and Liberty

[6:08] We've got Sabrina Romanov and Liberty We've got Sabrina Romanov and Liberty White. So, different trainings right White. So, different trainings right White. So, different trainings right there. We can come into this room. This there. We can come into this room. This there. We can come into this room. This is the advanced track. So, what's going is the advanced track. So, what's going is the advanced track. So, what's going on here? We've got Dave Eblar and Salmon on here? We've got Dave Eblar and Salmon on here? We've got Dave Eblar and Salmon talking about some different stuff in talking about some different stuff in talking about some different stuff in there. And now, let's go take a look at there. And now, let's go take a look at there. And now, let's go take a look at the main stage. Oh, wait. There's a the main stage. Oh, wait. There's a the main stage. Oh, wait. There's a video of me up there. Is that like a VIP video of me up there. Is that like a VIP video of me up there. Is that like a VIP section? Yeah, we'll go check that out section? Yeah, we'll go check that out section? Yeah, we'll go check that out in a sec. But anyways, this is the main in a sec. But anyways, this is the main in a sec. But anyways, this is the main stage. This looks very, very nice. We've stage. This looks very, very nice. We've stage. This looks very, very nice. We've got a big stage. We've got like four got a big stage. We've got like four got a big stage. We've got like four people sitting up here. We've got the people sitting up here. We've got the people sitting up here. We've got the the three screens of Alex up there with the three screens of Alex up there with the three screens of Alex up there with Hyper Agent. Am I allowed to get on Hyper Agent. Am I allowed to get on Hyper Agent. Am I allowed to get on stage? Oh, it lets me up on stage. Okay, stage? Oh, it lets me up on stage. Okay, stage? Oh, it lets me up on stage. Okay, that's pretty nice. All right, guys. that's pretty nice. All right, guys. that's pretty nice. All right, guys. Let's take a selfie. Let me get everyone Let's take a selfie. Let me get everyone

[6:38] Let's take a selfie. Let me get everyone in the background. Get in here. Anyways, in the background. Get in here. Anyways, in the background. Get in here. Anyways, that is pretty pretty cool. Not every that is pretty pretty cool. Not every that is pretty pretty cool. Not every seat is filled, though, so we need to seat is filled, though, so we need to seat is filled, though, so we need to work on that. But anyways, I'm going to work on that. But anyways, I'm going to work on that. But anyways, I'm going to run back over and see what that VIP run back over and see what that VIP run back over and see what that VIP section was. Okay, VIP lounge. I feel section was. Okay, VIP lounge. I feel section was. Okay, VIP lounge. I feel like this is like a we're at the airport like this is like a we're at the airport like this is like a we're at the airport or something. Okay, cool. So, now we've or something. Okay, cool. So, now we've or something. Okay, cool. So, now we've got the VIP sessions up here. VIP Q&amp;A got the VIP sessions up here. VIP Q&amp;A got the VIP sessions up here. VIP Q&amp;A with Nate. Live video playback right with Nate. Live video playback right with Nate. Live video playback right here. Very, very cool. And we've got here. Very, very cool. And we've got here. Very, very cool. And we've got like a bar or something. Awesome. I like a bar or something. Awesome. I like a bar or something. Awesome. I would say that this is a pretty good would say that this is a pretty good would say that this is a pretty good output. Now, as far as the stats here, output. Now, as far as the stats here, output. Now, as far as the stats here, this one took 1 hour and 13 minutes to this one took 1 hour and 13 minutes to this one took 1 hour and 13 minutes to run. It would have cost us $1244.

[7:10] run. It would have cost us $1244. run. It would have cost us $1244. It used 419,000 tokens and it did 23 It used 419,000 tokens and it did 23 It used 419,000 tokens and it did 23 checks and it asked us a grand total of checks and it asked us a grand total of checks and it asked us a grand total of zero questions once again. All right, zero questions once again. All right, zero questions once again. All right, let's move on to high. This was already let's move on to high. This was already let's move on to high. This was already a pretty decent output and Enthropic a pretty decent output and Enthropic a pretty decent output and Enthropic themselves in their how to prompt Opus themselves in their how to prompt Opus themselves in their how to prompt Opus 5.5 video or sorry, not video article, 5.5 video or sorry, not video article, 5.5 video or sorry, not video article, they said to just start on medium and they said to just start on medium and they said to just start on medium and scale it up or down if you need. So, scale it up or down if you need. So, scale it up or down if you need. So, that was a medium output. Let's move that was a medium output. Let's move that was a medium output. Let's move over to high and see what we got. Real over to high and see what we got. Real over to high and see what we got. Real quick, guys, I need to take a second to quick, guys, I need to take a second to quick, guys, I need to take a second to tell you about the sponsor of today's tell you about the sponsor of today's tell you about the sponsor of today's video, Hostinger. So, both of these video, Hostinger. So, both of these video, Hostinger. So, both of these models just built me a working version models just built me a working version models just built me a working version of the same thing. And now I'm right of the same thing. And now I'm right of the same thing. And now I'm right where I always end up with something

[7:41] where I always end up with something where I always end up with something finished sitting on my laptop and no finished sitting on my laptop and no finished sitting on my laptop and no quick way to get it online. And that's quick way to get it online. And that's quick way to get it online. And that's the gap that Hostinger's connector the gap that Hostinger's connector the gap that Hostinger's connector closes. It's a free extension for your closes. It's a free extension for your closes. It's a free extension for your editor that pulls your Hostinger account editor that pulls your Hostinger account editor that pulls your Hostinger account into whatever you're already coding in. into whatever you're already coding in. into whatever you're already coding in. So, VS Code, Cursor, Cloud Code, Codeex, So, VS Code, Cursor, Cloud Code, Codeex, So, VS Code, Cursor, Cloud Code, Codeex, you name it. You sign in once with a you name it. You sign in once with a you name it. You sign in once with a single click, and from there, your agent single click, and from there, your agent single click, and from there, your agent can deploy the site, point a domain at can deploy the site, point a domain at can deploy the site, point a domain at it, set the DNS records, and check on it, set the DNS records, and check on it, set the DNS records, and check on your VPS without you ever having to your VPS without you ever having to your VPS without you ever having to leave the editor. So, whichever one of leave the editor. So, whichever one of leave the editor. So, whichever one of these you end up liking better, the these you end up liking better, the these you end up liking better, the thing it built is a couple minutes away thing it built is a couple minutes away thing it built is a couple minutes away from a real URL on managed hosting. from a real URL on managed hosting. from a real URL on managed hosting. Connector is free on every hosting or

[8:11] Connector is free on every hosting or Connector is free on every hosting or plan. So, if you still need the hosting plan. So, if you still need the hosting plan. So, if you still need the hosting underneath it, grab the unlimited plan underneath it, grab the unlimited plan underneath it, grab the unlimited plan with the link in the description and use with the link in the description and use with the link in the description and use code Nate Herk for 10% off. That also code Nate Herk for 10% off. That also code Nate Herk for 10% off. That also comes with a free domain and business comes with a free domain and business comes with a free domain and business email for the year. and it's still the email for the year. and it's still the email for the year. and it's still the cheapest way that I found to get cheapest way that I found to get cheapest way that I found to get something you built onto a real URL. So, something you built onto a real URL. So, something you built onto a real URL. So, let's get back to the video. Okay, once let's get back to the video. Okay, once let's get back to the video. Okay, once again, very, very branded. This is even again, very, very branded. This is even again, very, very branded. This is even better of a loading screen than the better of a loading screen than the better of a loading screen than the previous one. We've got this nice little previous one. We've got this nice little previous one. We've got this nice little effect in the background. We've got the effect in the background. We've got the effect in the background. We've got the logo. We'll enter the venue. Okay, here logo. We'll enter the venue. Okay, here logo. We'll enter the venue. Okay, here we are. This looks pretty nice. We start we are. This looks pretty nice. We start we are. This looks pretty nice. We start outside and you can see that we have outside and you can see that we have outside and you can see that we have these flags for all the speakers. Wyatt,

[8:41] these flags for all the speakers. Wyatt, these flags for all the speakers. Wyatt, Casper, Alex, Ed, Aiden, Sabrina, Casper, Alex, Ed, Aiden, Sabrina, Casper, Alex, Ed, Aiden, Sabrina, Liberty. This is pretty cool. We got Liberty. This is pretty cool. We got Liberty. This is pretty cool. We got live blocks here. It took this picture live blocks here. It took this picture live blocks here. It took this picture from me. Your host, Nate Herk. John from me. Your host, Nate Herk. John from me. Your host, Nate Herk. John Dave. Nate Herk. There we go. Okay, the Dave. Nate Herk. There we go. Okay, the Dave. Nate Herk. There we go. Okay, the doors. Awesome. They're automatic doors. Awesome. They're automatic doors. Awesome. They're automatic sliding glass doors. I love that. We can sliding glass doors. I love that. We can sliding glass doors. I love that. We can see VIP check-in. We can see GA. We can see VIP check-in. We can see GA. We can see VIP check-in. We can see GA. We can come over here and we can check out the come over here and we can check out the come over here and we can check out the expo with different booths, community expo with different booths, community expo with different booths, community spotlight. You can also see that in the spotlight. You can also see that in the spotlight. You can also see that in the top left I have a passport. So, it's top left I have a passport. So, it's top left I have a passport. So, it's like it will be showing how many of the like it will be showing how many of the like it will be showing how many of the places I've visited. All of these are places I've visited. All of these are places I've visited. All of these are real playback. We've got a resource wall

[9:12] real playback. We've got a resource wall real playback. We've got a resource wall with all of the different speakers. with all of the different speakers. with all of the different speakers. They've also got a networking session They've also got a networking session They've also got a networking session over here. So, I'm going to come over over here. So, I'm going to come over over here. So, I'm going to come over real quick and see what that's all real quick and see what that's all real quick and see what that's all about. So, we've got the AIS cold brew about. So, we've got the AIS cold brew about. So, we've got the AIS cold brew bar. We've got different community bar. We've got different community bar. We've got different community members that were spotlighted or members that were spotlighted or members that were spotlighted or highlighted. We've got the VIP wing. highlighted. We've got the VIP wing. highlighted. We've got the VIP wing. Wait, what? Pick up a wristband. Oh, I Wait, what? Pick up a wristband. Oh, I Wait, what? Pick up a wristband. Oh, I have to actually go get the wristband. have to actually go get the wristband. have to actually go get the wristband. Okay, let me check in real quick. Okay, let me check in real quick. Okay, let me check in real quick. Wristband's already on. Wait, what? Wristband's already on. Wait, what? Wristband's already on. Wait, what? Okay. Oh, okay. Now the doors have Okay. Oh, okay. Now the doors have Okay. Oh, okay. Now the doors have opened for me. Cool. I can come into opened for me. Cool. I can come into opened for me. Cool. I can come into here. Oh, that just goes to the main here. Oh, that just goes to the main here. Oh, that just goes to the main stage. VIP lounge. This is a Q&amp;A going stage. VIP lounge. This is a Q&amp;A going stage. VIP lounge. This is a Q&amp;A going on, it looks like. Very cool. I mean, on, it looks like. Very cool. I mean,

[9:42] on, it looks like. Very cool. I mean, I'm very impressed by how it's able to I'm very impressed by how it's able to I'm very impressed by how it's able to do this. Wow. Okay, so this is really do this. Wow. Okay, so this is really do this. Wow. Okay, so this is really good. What we did is we had VIP breakout good. What we did is we had VIP breakout good. What we did is we had VIP breakout rooms with different people. You can see rooms with different people. You can see rooms with different people. You can see that there's different rooms, different that there's different rooms, different that there's different rooms, different members of the AIS team going into members of the AIS team going into members of the AIS team going into stuff. This is really cool. This is very stuff. This is really cool. This is very stuff. This is really cool. This is very cool. That's a much better VIP cool. That's a much better VIP cool. That's a much better VIP experience than what was shown in the experience than what was shown in the experience than what was shown in the first piece. Okay, VIP afterparty. Look first piece. Okay, VIP afterparty. Look first piece. Okay, VIP afterparty. Look at this. We've got a dance floor. We've at this. We've got a dance floor. We've at this. We've got a dance floor. We've got all these elements in here. We have got all these elements in here. We have got all these elements in here. We have the actual VIP afterparty playback right the actual VIP afterparty playback right the actual VIP afterparty playback right here. And there's a DJ booth. That is so here. And there's a DJ booth. That is so here. And there's a DJ booth. That is so funny. There's a bit of a bug right

[10:12] funny. There's a bit of a bug right funny. There's a bit of a bug right here, a glitch right there. But this is here, a glitch right there. But this is here, a glitch right there. But this is awesome. Oh, cool. So, when I'm in here awesome. Oh, cool. So, when I'm in here awesome. Oh, cool. So, when I'm in here in the main stage, we get closed in the main stage, we get closed in the main stage, we get closed captions. You can see right here in the captions. You can see right here in the captions. You can see right here in the bottom of my screen, we're getting these bottom of my screen, we're getting these bottom of my screen, we're getting these closed captions of Wyatt actually closed captions of Wyatt actually closed captions of Wyatt actually talking up here. We've got lights. We've talking up here. We've got lights. We've talking up here. We've got lights. We've got the panel. Very cool. Nice main got the panel. Very cool. Nice main got the panel. Very cool. Nice main stage. I'm going to go over here. We can stage. I'm going to go over here. We can stage. I'm going to go over here. We can go to the foundation, advanced, and the go to the foundation, advanced, and the go to the foundation, advanced, and the enterprise tracks over here. So, let's enterprise tracks over here. So, let's enterprise tracks over here. So, let's see. We have anatomy of the three real see. We have anatomy of the three real see. We have anatomy of the three real deals. We've got hyper agent. We've got deals. We've got hyper agent. We've got deals. We've got hyper agent. We've got the evals with Nate and Ed in here. the evals with Nate and Ed in here. the evals with Nate and Ed in here. We've got Dave going on in the advanced We've got Dave going on in the advanced We've got Dave going on in the advanced stuff. This is really nice. I mean, stuff. This is really nice. I mean, stuff. This is really nice. I mean, obviously each each of these outputs so

[10:44] obviously each each of these outputs so obviously each each of these outputs so far, low was okay, medium was better, far, low was okay, medium was better, far, low was okay, medium was better, high has been even better. Let's see if high has been even better. Let's see if high has been even better. Let's see if that trend continues. And let's go ahead that trend continues. And let's go ahead that trend continues. And let's go ahead and see what this cost us. So, high ran and see what this cost us. So, high ran and see what this cost us. So, high ran for 1 hour and 7 minutes, so a little for 1 hour and 7 minutes, so a little for 1 hour and 7 minutes, so a little bit quicker than medium. It would have bit quicker than medium. It would have bit quicker than medium. It would have cost us $16.31. cost us $16.31. cost us $16.31. It used half a million tokens, 59,000. It used half a million tokens, 59,000. It used half a million tokens, 59,000. It did 22 checks. And it also asked us, It did 22 checks. And it also asked us, It did 22 checks. And it also asked us, well, actually, no, I was wrong. This well, actually, no, I was wrong. This well, actually, no, I was wrong. This one asked me one question. And spoiler, one asked me one question. And spoiler, one asked me one question. And spoiler, it was the only one that asked us a it was the only one that asked us a it was the only one that asked us a question throughout all of this. So, question throughout all of this. So, question throughout all of this. So, let's see. We've got three left. Extra, let's see. We've got three left. Extra, let's see. We've got three left. Extra, max, and ultra code. Let me pull open

[11:15] max, and ultra code. Let me pull open max, and ultra code. Let me pull open extra and we'll see what we got. Okay, extra and we'll see what we got. Okay, extra and we'll see what we got. Okay, so this one looks pretty good. I would so this one looks pretty good. I would so this one looks pretty good. I would honestly say so far the loading screen honestly say so far the loading screen honestly say so far the loading screen high was the best, the one that we just high was the best, the one that we just high was the best, the one that we just saw. But anyways, let's enter AIS Live. saw. But anyways, let's enter AIS Live. saw. But anyways, let's enter AIS Live. Whoa. Okay, so we have like little sound Whoa. Okay, so we have like little sound Whoa. Okay, so we have like little sound bites. I can chat with people. The tool bites. I can chat with people. The tool bites. I can chat with people. The tool war panel settled a few debates for me. war panel settled a few debates for me. war panel settled a few debates for me. Nice. Good perspective there. We're Nice. Good perspective there. We're Nice. Good perspective there. We're outside again. We have these different outside again. We have these different outside again. We have these different banners, although they're all the same. banners, although they're all the same. banners, although they're all the same. they don't say like different people's they don't say like different people's they don't say like different people's names. So, big AIS live logo. Workshop names. So, big AIS live logo. Workshop names. So, big AIS live logo. Workshop wing is over here. And let's go through wing is over here. And let's go through wing is over here. And let's go through the sliding glass doors and see what

[11:46] the sliding glass doors and see what the sliding glass doors and see what we've got. So, we've got the AIS cafe. we've got. So, we've got the AIS cafe. we've got. So, we've got the AIS cafe. The map is in the bottom right. And it's The map is in the bottom right. And it's The map is in the bottom right. And it's not too descriptive. I like how the not too descriptive. I like how the not too descriptive. I like how the other maps have told us what like where other maps have told us what like where other maps have told us what like where things were. But this one looks very things were. But this one looks very things were. But this one looks very professional. We can see here's the main professional. We can see here's the main professional. We can see here's the main stage. Let's hop in here real quick. stage. Let's hop in here real quick. stage. Let's hop in here real quick. They've all got these balls flying They've all got these balls flying They've all got these balls flying around, which I think is pretty funny. around, which I think is pretty funny. around, which I think is pretty funny. The AIS beach balls. We have me up there The AIS beach balls. We have me up there The AIS beach balls. We have me up there speaking. I think I was introing one of speaking. I think I was introing one of speaking. I think I was introing one of the days. Let's keep on moving here to the days. Let's keep on moving here to the days. Let's keep on moving here to the workshop room on this left side. the workshop room on this left side. the workshop room on this left side. Okay, so here we've got the Hyper Agent Okay, so here we've got the Hyper Agent Okay, so here we've got the Hyper Agent Theater. We've got this sponsored Theater. We've got this sponsored Theater. We've got this sponsored session in here by Hyper Agent, but it's session in here by Hyper Agent, but it's session in here by Hyper Agent, but it's showing us what's coming up in here as

[12:16] showing us what's coming up in here as showing us what's coming up in here as well. It's really funny that we can chat well. It's really funny that we can chat well. It's really funny that we can chat to people. Salmon built a voice sales to people. Salmon built a voice sales to people. Salmon built a voice sales rep live. The price at right room was rep live. The price at right room was rep live. The price at right room was packed. Did you grab the VIP companion packed. Did you grab the VIP companion packed. Did you grab the VIP companion guide? That's so funny. We have the guide? That's so funny. We have the guide? That's so funny. We have the advanced track in here once again. We've advanced track in here once again. We've advanced track in here once again. We've got live playback. Is that live got live playback. Is that live got live playback. Is that live playback? Oh, okay. It started once I playback? Oh, okay. It started once I playback? Oh, okay. It started once I got in, but I can take a seat. Oh my. I got in, but I can take a seat. Oh my. I got in, but I can take a seat. Oh my. I can watch this. I can stand up. I want can watch this. I can stand up. I want can watch this. I can stand up. I want to sit in the front. That's pretty cool. to sit in the front. That's pretty cool. to sit in the front. That's pretty cool. That's very nice. I like that. And you That's very nice. I like that. And you That's very nice. I like that. And you know what I noticed so far? The actual know what I noticed so far? The actual know what I noticed so far? The actual character that I'm playing kind of looks character that I'm playing kind of looks character that I'm playing kind of looks like me. I think it modeled it off of my like me. I think it modeled it off of my like me. I think it modeled it off of my thumbnail pictures or something.

[12:46] thumbnail pictures or something. thumbnail pictures or something. Anyways, we have Sabrina in here. Room Anyways, we have Sabrina in here. Room Anyways, we have Sabrina in here. Room host here. Grab any open seat. Okay, host here. Grab any open seat. Okay, host here. Grab any open seat. Okay, cool. And I really like the sitting cool. And I really like the sitting cool. And I really like the sitting functionality. It's kind of funny. Like functionality. It's kind of funny. Like functionality. It's kind of funny. Like we could actually attend this workshop we could actually attend this workshop we could actually attend this workshop and participate. Anyways, it's showing and participate. Anyways, it's showing and participate. Anyways, it's showing us the speakers. It's showing us the us the speakers. It's showing us the us the speakers. It's showing us the agenda. There's a little red carpet here agenda. There's a little red carpet here agenda. There's a little red carpet here to take some pictures. We can strike a to take some pictures. We can strike a to take some pictures. We can strike a pose. Oh, wow. That's pretty cool. pose. Oh, wow. That's pretty cool. pose. Oh, wow. That's pretty cool. Resource library. Get AIS Plus Resource library. Get AIS Plus Resource library. Get AIS Plus certified. Glido, Hyper Agent, AIS Plus. certified. Glido, Hyper Agent, AIS Plus. certified. Glido, Hyper Agent, AIS Plus. Three real deals. Awesome. I mean, I Three real deals. Awesome. I mean, I Three real deals. Awesome. I mean, I would definitely say so far each one is would definitely say so far each one is would definitely say so far each one is getting better. And we didn't even check getting better. And we didn't even check getting better. And we didn't even check out the VIP section yet. The VIP lounge. out the VIP section yet. The VIP lounge. out the VIP section yet. The VIP lounge. Let's go up here real quick. Hopefully,

[13:17] Let's go up here real quick. Hopefully, Let's go up here real quick. Hopefully, I can get in. Nice. We've got tooling I can get in. Nice. We've got tooling I can get in. Nice. We've got tooling reset. These are the different rooms we reset. These are the different rooms we reset. These are the different rooms we could go in. So, once again, I could could go in. So, once again, I could could go in. So, once again, I could grab the worksheet and I could try to grab the worksheet and I could try to grab the worksheet and I could try to understand how to price my stuff. This understand how to price my stuff. This understand how to price my stuff. This is so cool. This is definitely better is so cool. This is definitely better is so cool. This is definitely better than the previous one where we kind of than the previous one where we kind of than the previous one where we kind of just like looked at stuff. Awesome. I just like looked at stuff. Awesome. I just like looked at stuff. Awesome. I can get behind the bar. I can come in can get behind the bar. I can come in can get behind the bar. I can come in here. This is very nice. Okay, so as far here. This is very nice. Okay, so as far here. This is very nice. Okay, so as far as statistics go, this one ran for an as statistics go, this one ran for an as statistics go, this one ran for an hour and a half. It cost 25.92 bucks. I hour and a half. It cost 25.92 bucks. I hour and a half. It cost 25.92 bucks. I don't know why I say point. $25.92. don't know why I say point. $25.92. don't know why I say point. $25.92. It was 7323,000 tokens and 34 checks.

[13:48] It was 7323,000 tokens and 34 checks. It was 7323,000 tokens and 34 checks. So, it had the most checks so far by So, it had the most checks so far by So, it had the most checks so far by far. And it asked us zero questions. I far. And it asked us zero questions. I far. And it asked us zero questions. I can't wait to see what we got here from can't wait to see what we got here from can't wait to see what we got here from Max and Ultra Code. Okay, here is Max. Max and Ultra Code. Okay, here is Max. Max and Ultra Code. Okay, here is Max. Loading screen is boring, but it's on Loading screen is boring, but it's on Loading screen is boring, but it's on brand and it has our logo. So, that was brand and it has our logo. So, that was brand and it has our logo. So, that was good. I like that. We will go ahead and good. I like that. We will go ahead and good. I like that. We will go ahead and enter AIS Live. Oh, nice little enter AIS Live. Oh, nice little enter AIS Live. Oh, nice little animation here that brings us in. Once animation here that brings us in. Once animation here that brings us in. Once again, the character looks like me. again, the character looks like me. again, the character looks like me. They've all looked like me. I mean, sort They've all looked like me. I mean, sort They've all looked like me. I mean, sort of. We have city in the background. This of. We have city in the background. This of. We have city in the background. This looks like Chicago. Like I mentioned looks like Chicago. Like I mentioned looks like Chicago. Like I mentioned earlier, a lot of these are playing earlier, a lot of these are playing earlier, a lot of these are playing sounds and I'm not including that sounds and I'm not including that sounds and I'm not including that because it would be very distracting for

[14:18] because it would be very distracting for because it would be very distracting for you guys to try to listen to what's you guys to try to listen to what's you guys to try to listen to what's going on as well as me speaking. So, going on as well as me speaking. So, going on as well as me speaking. So, there is like some slight music in all there is like some slight music in all there is like some slight music in all these. I I hate how this is walking. these. I I hate how this is walking. these. I I hate how this is walking. This walking is really really bad. I This walking is really really bad. I This walking is really really bad. I mean, the walking Yeah, I don't like mean, the walking Yeah, I don't like mean, the walking Yeah, I don't like this at all. So, that's not great. But this at all. So, that's not great. But this at all. So, that's not great. But besides that, let's go in and explore. besides that, let's go in and explore. besides that, let's go in and explore. Notice these shadows when I walk in. Notice these shadows when I walk in. Notice these shadows when I walk in. They like really switch. I'm not sure They like really switch. I'm not sure They like really switch. I'm not sure why that is. But anyways, we can chat why that is. But anyways, we can chat why that is. But anyways, we can chat with people in here, too. Hyper agent with people in here, too. Hyper agent with people in here, too. Hyper agent booth is right where you walk into the booth is right where you walk into the booth is right where you walk into the expo. All good. Okay, cool. I can keep expo. All good. Okay, cool. I can keep expo. All good. Okay, cool. I can keep clicking E to make them change what they clicking E to make them change what they clicking E to make them change what they say. We've got the speakers right here. say. We've got the speakers right here. say. We've got the speakers right here. That looks pretty good. Although, we That looks pretty good. Although, we That looks pretty good. Although, we definitely had everyone's profile definitely had everyone's profile

[14:48] definitely had everyone's profile picture, so I'm not sure why that's not picture, so I'm not sure why that's not picture, so I'm not sure why that's not included. There we see people taking included. There we see people taking included. There we see people taking pictures right here. I love that. And it pictures right here. I love that. And it pictures right here. I love that. And it saves the little picture. Okay, the map saves the little picture. Okay, the map saves the little picture. Okay, the map also isn't super like doesn't give me a also isn't super like doesn't give me a also isn't super like doesn't give me a great explanation of what's going on, great explanation of what's going on, great explanation of what's going on, but I like these booths. These are cool. but I like these booths. These are cool. but I like these booths. These are cool. I think these booths are the best that I think these booths are the best that I think these booths are the best that I've seen so far. Like, they just look I've seen so far. Like, they just look I've seen so far. Like, they just look nice. They've got reps. There's nice nice. They've got reps. There's nice nice. They've got reps. There's nice like slides behind them. Yeah, these like slides behind them. Yeah, these like slides behind them. Yeah, these booths are cool. Okay, we have a little booths are cool. Okay, we have a little booths are cool. Okay, we have a little featured theater going on over here. featured theater going on over here. featured theater going on over here. It's Casper. Although, why is this not It's Casper. Although, why is this not It's Casper. Although, why is this not playing? I feel like this should be playing? I feel like this should be playing? I feel like this should be playing, right? Like in the other ones, playing, right? Like in the other ones, playing, right? Like in the other ones, they were always playing. We can talk to they were always playing. We can talk to they were always playing. We can talk to some other people over here. Coffeey's

[15:19] some other people over here. Coffeey's some other people over here. Coffeey's free. Blah blah blah. Amy Simpson, Matt free. Blah blah blah. Amy Simpson, Matt free. Blah blah blah. Amy Simpson, Matt Wolf. Nice. Okay, this is just the Wolf. Nice. Okay, this is just the Wolf. Nice. Okay, this is just the networking area that we're in right now, networking area that we're in right now, networking area that we're in right now, but we can see in the top right, we can but we can see in the top right, we can but we can see in the top right, we can also see what's live on the main stage. also see what's live on the main stage. also see what's live on the main stage. Right now, it is a tool war panel. So, Right now, it is a tool war panel. So, Right now, it is a tool war panel. So, let's head in here. We've got Devon, let's head in here. We've got Devon, let's head in here. We've got Devon, Cole, Dave, and Russ chatting in here. Cole, Dave, and Russ chatting in here. Cole, Dave, and Russ chatting in here. We've got sort of AV, some light stuff We've got sort of AV, some light stuff We've got sort of AV, some light stuff going on back here. Switch the main going on back here. Switch the main going on back here. Switch the main stage to what actually matters right stage to what actually matters right stage to what actually matters right now. So, I can switch the topic. Cool. now. So, I can switch the topic. Cool. now. So, I can switch the topic. Cool. So, I just switched to me and Matt. We So, I just switched to me and Matt. We So, I just switched to me and Matt. We can go to anatomy of three real deals. can go to anatomy of three real deals. can go to anatomy of three real deals. That's pretty cool. The stage looks That's pretty cool. The stage looks That's pretty cool. The stage looks good. We've got a nice little panel up good. We've got a nice little panel up good. We've got a nice little panel up here. Can I get on the stage? Nice. here. Can I get on the stage? Nice. here. Can I get on the stage? Nice. Nice. Well, I can't go too far, Nice. Well, I can't go too far, Nice. Well, I can't go too far, actually. All right, everyone. Let me

[15:49] actually. All right, everyone. Let me actually. All right, everyone. Let me take the selfie. Everyone get in this. I take the selfie. Everyone get in this. I take the selfie. Everyone get in this. I can also take a seat in this audience can also take a seat in this audience can also take a seat in this audience over here and just enjoy the session. over here and just enjoy the session. over here and just enjoy the session. Very cool. Very cool. Okay, let's go Very cool. Very cool. Okay, let's go Very cool. Very cool. Okay, let's go over here. I see an upstairs section. over here. I see an upstairs section. over here. I see an upstairs section. So, it's funny how they all choose to So, it's funny how they all choose to So, it's funny how they all choose to put the VIP section upstairs. I mean, I put the VIP section upstairs. I mean, I put the VIP section upstairs. I mean, I don't hate it. Oh my gosh, they have an don't hate it. Oh my gosh, they have an don't hate it. Oh my gosh, they have an escalator. No way. I'm going to chat escalator. No way. I'm going to chat escalator. No way. I'm going to chat with this guy on the escalator. Glenn with this guy on the escalator. Glenn with this guy on the escalator. Glenn has 15 years of agency experience. His has 15 years of agency experience. His has 15 years of agency experience. His land and expand stuff was gold. Great land and expand stuff was gold. Great land and expand stuff was gold. Great work, Glenn. Cool. So, I'm going to I work, Glenn. Cool. So, I'm going to I work, Glenn. Cool. So, I'm going to I can't even get past this guy, though. can't even get past this guy, though. can't even get past this guy, though. Oh, I had to jump over him. Okay. VIP Oh, I had to jump over him. Okay. VIP Oh, I had to jump over him. Okay. VIP level badge required. Oh my gosh. You level badge required. Oh my gosh. You level badge required. Oh my gosh. You have to Are you kidding me? I have to go

[16:19] have to Are you kidding me? I have to go have to Are you kidding me? I have to go get my badge. Okay, cool. Now it shows get my badge. Okay, cool. Now it shows get my badge. Okay, cool. Now it shows that I'm an actual VIP and I can go up that I'm an actual VIP and I can go up that I'm an actual VIP and I can go up here to the VIP section. We have nice here to the VIP section. We have nice here to the VIP section. We have nice little working sessions back there which little working sessions back there which little working sessions back there which we can hop in. I wonder if it'll let me we can hop in. I wonder if it'll let me we can hop in. I wonder if it'll let me like sit down in here. I can just chat. like sit down in here. I can just chat. like sit down in here. I can just chat. Can I participate? It's not letting me Can I participate? It's not letting me Can I participate? It's not letting me sit and participate. That's okay. We've sit and participate. That's okay. We've sit and participate. That's okay. We've got the pricing war room. Oh, this might got the pricing war room. Oh, this might got the pricing war room. Oh, this might be the afterparty. Let's go see what's be the afterparty. Let's go see what's be the afterparty. Let's go see what's going on back here. Or maybe I just have going on back here. Or maybe I just have going on back here. Or maybe I just have to enter from over here. Okay, that's to enter from over here. Okay, that's to enter from over here. Okay, that's weird. I just had to enter from over weird. I just had to enter from over weird. I just had to enter from over here. This afterparty is not as cool as here. This afterparty is not as cool as here. This afterparty is not as cool as the other one. But anyways, let's go see the other one. But anyways, let's go see the other one. But anyways, let's go see what's going on back here in the what's going on back here in the what's going on back here in the workshops. Okay, that was not good. Look

[16:49] workshops. Okay, that was not good. Look workshops. Okay, that was not good. Look at this. You can see everything and I at this. You can see everything and I at this. You can see everything and I just glitched and now boom. So that's just glitched and now boom. So that's just glitched and now boom. So that's not good. I would say overall I mean you not good. I would say overall I mean you not good. I would say overall I mean you guys are getting the vibe of how this guys are getting the vibe of how this guys are getting the vibe of how this works. But I would say that the one works. But I would say that the one works. But I would say that the one before which was I believe high. I liked before which was I believe high. I liked before which was I believe high. I liked that one better. I can't sit in these that one better. I can't sit in these that one better. I can't sit in these chairs either. Yeah. So I don't like the chairs either. Yeah. So I don't like the chairs either. Yeah. So I don't like the walking in this one and I don't like the walking in this one and I don't like the walking in this one and I don't like the vibe as much and there's some bugs. So vibe as much and there's some bugs. So vibe as much and there's some bugs. So so far if we want to go to our list, I so far if we want to go to our list, I so far if we want to go to our list, I like extra. Extra was the one that I like extra. Extra was the one that I like extra. Extra was the one that I liked the most so far. But anyways, this liked the most so far. But anyways, this liked the most so far. But anyways, this one was max. This one was max right one was max. This one was max right one was max. This one was max right here. So, let's see how long this ran

[17:20] here. So, let's see how long this ran here. So, let's see how long this ran for. 2 hours and 28 minutes. So, it ran for. 2 hours and 28 minutes. So, it ran for. 2 hours and 28 minutes. So, it ran for a long time. $50.38. for a long time. $50.38. for a long time. $50.38. 1.18 million tokens. So, it actually hit 1.18 million tokens. So, it actually hit 1.18 million tokens. So, it actually hit a compaction and had to autoco compact. a compaction and had to autoco compact. a compaction and had to autoco compact. And then it did 51 checks. Did it really And then it did 51 checks. Did it really And then it did 51 checks. Did it really though? Cuz there was a lot of bugs in though? Cuz there was a lot of bugs in though? Cuz there was a lot of bugs in there. And anyways, this one asked us there. And anyways, this one asked us there. And anyways, this one asked us zero question. So, so far each time zero question. So, so far each time zero question. So, so far each time pretty much has gotten more expensive pretty much has gotten more expensive pretty much has gotten more expensive and took longer besides right here. But and took longer besides right here. But and took longer besides right here. But these basically took like very similar these basically took like very similar these basically took like very similar amount of time. But every time it's used amount of time. But every time it's used amount of time. But every time it's used more tokens because they've been more tokens because they've been more tokens because they've been thinking more and then you know those thinking more and then you know those thinking more and then you know those tokens are going to cost more. But

[17:50] tokens are going to cost more. But tokens are going to cost more. But anyways, let's move on to the final one anyways, let's move on to the final one anyways, let's move on to the final one which is Ultra Code. So we would really which is Ultra Code. So we would really which is Ultra Code. So we would really hope that this one is the best one. So hope that this one is the best one. So hope that this one is the best one. So let's hop into this local host and see let's hop into this local host and see let's hop into this local host and see what we've got. Okay, cool. Look at this what we've got. Okay, cool. Look at this what we've got. Okay, cool. Look at this badge. It's a nice badge. Host all badge. It's a nice badge. Host all badge. It's a nice badge. Host all access. We've got a nice little visual access. We've got a nice little visual access. We've got a nice little visual right here. We'll go ahead and enter AIS right here. We'll go ahead and enter AIS right here. We'll go ahead and enter AIS Live. Cool. Okay, welcome in, Nate. I Live. Cool. Okay, welcome in, Nate. I Live. Cool. Okay, welcome in, Nate. I like the walking. It feels realistic. I like the walking. It feels realistic. I like the walking. It feels realistic. I like the logo, although it's missing the like the logo, although it's missing the like the logo, although it's missing the little red dot that makes it look like little red dot that makes it look like little red dot that makes it look like live. The map in the top right is live. The map in the top right is live. The map in the top right is labeled a little bit better so I can see labeled a little bit better so I can see labeled a little bit better so I can see what's going on. I'm going to come in

[18:20] what's going on. I'm going to come in what's going on. I'm going to come in here and collect my VIP wristband real here and collect my VIP wristband real here and collect my VIP wristband real quick. Okay, nice. It's also telling me quick. Okay, nice. It's also telling me quick. Okay, nice. It's also telling me what to do. So, in the top left, it says what to do. So, in the top left, it says what to do. So, in the top left, it says scan in at the VIP gate at the lobby scan in at the VIP gate at the lobby scan in at the VIP gate at the lobby east wall. So, I believe east would be east wall. So, I believe east would be east wall. So, I believe east would be this way, right? Never eat soggy this way, right? Never eat soggy this way, right? Never eat soggy waffles. Yeah, VIP wings. Scan waffles. Yeah, VIP wings. Scan waffles. Yeah, VIP wings. Scan wristband. Okay, cool. Now, I'm in the wristband. Okay, cool. Now, I'm in the wristband. Okay, cool. Now, I'm in the VIP section. I can see these different VIP section. I can see these different VIP section. I can see these different rooms. The tooling reset, live video is rooms. The tooling reset, live video is rooms. The tooling reset, live video is being played. I'm able to see the closed being played. I'm able to see the closed being played. I'm able to see the closed captions right there of what's being captions right there of what's being captions right there of what's being talked about. It's also playing the talked about. It's also playing the talked about. It's also playing the sounds, but I'm just not playing the sounds, but I'm just not playing the sounds, but I'm just not playing the audio for you guys because I don't want audio for you guys because I don't want audio for you guys because I don't want to overwhelm. Once again, this one's

[18:50] to overwhelm. Once again, this one's to overwhelm. Once again, this one's working with Cody and Mustafa in there. working with Cody and Mustafa in there. working with Cody and Mustafa in there. That's awesome. Live video. The video That's awesome. Live video. The video That's awesome. Live video. The video doesn't play until you walk in, though. doesn't play until you walk in, though. doesn't play until you walk in, though. So, honestly, I think that's a good So, honestly, I think that's a good So, honestly, I think that's a good call. As soon as I walk in, though, the call. As soon as I walk in, though, the call. As soon as I walk in, though, the video starts. Nice. Nice touch. All video starts. Nice. Nice touch. All video starts. Nice. Nice touch. All these rooms. Awesome. Yeah. I mean, this these rooms. Awesome. Yeah. I mean, this these rooms. Awesome. Yeah. I mean, this feels very premium. Here's a pricing war feels very premium. Here's a pricing war feels very premium. Here's a pricing war room. Let's hop in here. Me and John in room. Let's hop in here. Me and John in room. Let's hop in here. Me and John in there. And then we have nice the there. And then we have nice the there. And then we have nice the afterparty. This afterparty is not as afterparty. This afterparty is not as afterparty. This afterparty is not as busy yet. And we have more beach balls busy yet. And we have more beach balls busy yet. And we have more beach balls for some reason, but this afterparty is for some reason, but this afterparty is for some reason, but this afterparty is cool. I mean, it gives us the good vibe. cool. I mean, it gives us the good vibe. cool. I mean, it gives us the good vibe. And there's the playback right here of And there's the playback right here of And there's the playback right here of our afterparty Q&amp;A. This is all live as

[19:21] our afterparty Q&amp;A. This is all live as our afterparty Q&amp;A. This is all live as well. Sweet. Okay, let's head into the well. Sweet. Okay, let's head into the well. Sweet. Okay, let's head into the main stage. It's also prompting me to main stage. It's also prompting me to main stage. It's also prompting me to grab an aisle seat at the main stage, grab an aisle seat at the main stage, grab an aisle seat at the main stage, which is straight through the expo. So, which is straight through the expo. So, which is straight through the expo. So, actually, let's go through the expo actually, let's go through the expo actually, let's go through the expo first. first. first. What are you building? There's a lot of What are you building? There's a lot of What are you building? There's a lot of people talking about different things people talking about different things people talking about different things over here. Wow. There's also like a over here. Wow. There's also like a over here. Wow. There's also like a little a basketball thing. Can I throw little a basketball thing. Can I throw little a basketball thing. Can I throw it? I can. Do I have to look up to throw it? I can. Do I have to look up to throw it? I can. Do I have to look up to throw it up? Okay. Well, not not great. But it up? Okay. Well, not not great. But it up? Okay. Well, not not great. But anyways, we have an AIS Plus booth. We anyways, we have an AIS Plus booth. We anyways, we have an AIS Plus booth. We have the Glido booth. Is that playing have the Glido booth. Is that playing have the Glido booth. Is that playing live? Yeah, that definitely is playing live? Yeah, that definitely is playing live? Yeah, that definitely is playing live. Nice. We have the Hyper Agent live. Nice. We have the Hyper Agent live. Nice. We have the Hyper Agent booth. We have other stuff over here. booth. We have other stuff over here. booth. We have other stuff over here. Okay, cool. I'm going to go into the

[19:51] Okay, cool. I'm going to go into the Okay, cool. I'm going to go into the main stage and see if we can grab an main stage and see if we can grab an main stage and see if we can grab an aisle seat. As soon as we walk in, aisle seat. As soon as we walk in, aisle seat. As soon as we walk in, everything starts playing. We've got a everything starts playing. We've got a everything starts playing. We've got a very nice stage vibe. How do I grab an very nice stage vibe. How do I grab an very nice stage vibe. How do I grab an Alisa seat, though? There we go. I had Alisa seat, though? There we go. I had Alisa seat, though? There we go. I had to find the right one. Grab the aisle to find the right one. Grab the aisle to find the right one. Grab the aisle seat. There's no one on the stage, which seat. There's no one on the stage, which seat. There's no one on the stage, which is weird. I liked when they had people is weird. I liked when they had people is weird. I liked when they had people on the stage in the past versions. Let's on the stage in the past versions. Let's on the stage in the past versions. Let's take a quick selfie. Anyways, we got me take a quick selfie. Anyways, we got me take a quick selfie. Anyways, we got me and Pat up there. Pat is all dressed up and Pat up there. Pat is all dressed up and Pat up there. Pat is all dressed up like a construction worker. As you can like a construction worker. As you can like a construction worker. As you can see, we were doing a little mock see, we were doing a little mock see, we were doing a little mock discovery call in that example. I'm discovery call in that example. I'm discovery call in that example. I'm going to come back through the expo and going to come back through the expo and going to come back through the expo and we're going to go out here to the we're going to go out here to the we're going to go out here to the workshop wing and just check out if workshop wing and just check out if workshop wing and just check out if these rooms basically are the exact same

[20:21] these rooms basically are the exact same these rooms basically are the exact same as they should. Now, I can't actually as they should. Now, I can't actually as they should. Now, I can't actually chat with people. I used to be able to chat with people. I used to be able to chat with people. I used to be able to in the previous versions chat with in the previous versions chat with in the previous versions chat with people, which I thought was a really people, which I thought was a really people, which I thought was a really nice touch. And we have workshop a nice touch. And we have workshop a nice touch. And we have workshop a foundation track. Can I sit down? I foundation track. Can I sit down? I foundation track. Can I sit down? I can't sit down. I I don't know. We do can't sit down. I I don't know. We do can't sit down. I I don't know. We do have Liberty actually talking right now have Liberty actually talking right now have Liberty actually talking right now and she is speaking and we can hear it. and she is speaking and we can hear it. and she is speaking and we can hear it. So, that's nice. But it's not letting me So, that's nice. But it's not letting me So, that's nice. But it's not letting me sit down. And look at this. I'm getting sit down. And look at this. I'm getting sit down. And look at this. I'm getting pretty glitchy right here. That That was pretty glitchy right here. That That was pretty glitchy right here. That That was glitching the way I was walking. It like glitching the way I was walking. It like glitching the way I was walking. It like wasn't letting me walk. That's not good. wasn't letting me walk. That's not good. wasn't letting me walk. That's not good. Same thing. We got this advanced track Same thing. We got this advanced track Same thing. We got this advanced track in there. Awesome. So, overall, they

[20:51] in there. Awesome. So, overall, they in there. Awesome. So, overall, they have a very similar vibe. I I will say have a very similar vibe. I I will say have a very similar vibe. I I will say I'm impressed by the way they were able I'm impressed by the way they were able I'm impressed by the way they were able to tell a story out of what we were to tell a story out of what we were to tell a story out of what we were doing. Speaker takeaways library. Okay, doing. Speaker takeaways library. Okay, doing. Speaker takeaways library. Okay, this is cool. I don't think we saw this this is cool. I don't think we saw this this is cool. I don't think we saw this from different places, but these are from different places, but these are from different places, but these are like the resources and showing some cool like the resources and showing some cool like the resources and showing some cool stuff. Oh, wow. I can actually open all stuff. Oh, wow. I can actually open all stuff. Oh, wow. I can actually open all of these things. And we can take of these things. And we can take of these things. And we can take pictures right here as well. Nice. Take pictures right here as well. Nice. Take pictures right here as well. Nice. Take a photo. I can save this as well. Like I a photo. I can save this as well. Like I a photo. I can save this as well. Like I could actually download this. And now we could actually download this. And now we could actually download this. And now we have this photo that we just took at have this photo that we just took at have this photo that we just took at this AIS live event. All right. Well, I this AIS live event. All right. Well, I this AIS live event. All right. Well, I think it is time for me to make some think it is time for me to make some think it is time for me to make some conclusions. But first, let us see what conclusions. But first, let us see what conclusions. But first, let us see what this run cost us. This took 1 hour and

[21:21] this run cost us. This took 1 hour and this run cost us. This took 1 hour and 35 minutes. So, it was much faster than 35 minutes. So, it was much faster than 35 minutes. So, it was much faster than Max. It only took $18.69. Max. It only took $18.69. Max. It only took $18.69. Wow. So, it was a little bit more Wow. So, it was a little bit more Wow. So, it was a little bit more expensive than high, cheaper than extra, expensive than high, cheaper than extra, expensive than high, cheaper than extra, and much cheaper than max. It also ran and much cheaper than max. It also ran and much cheaper than max. It also ran 66,000 tokens and 42 checks with zero 66,000 tokens and 42 checks with zero 66,000 tokens and 42 checks with zero questions. Now, one other thing that's questions. Now, one other thing that's questions. Now, one other thing that's interesting to note is that all of these interesting to note is that all of these interesting to note is that all of these runs, none of them used a sub agent. I runs, none of them used a sub agent. I runs, none of them used a sub agent. I looked through and I made sure none of looked through and I made sure none of looked through and I made sure none of them used sub aents. They didn't want to them used sub aents. They didn't want to them used sub aents. They didn't want to delegate any work around, which was delegate any work around, which was delegate any work around, which was interesting. So, these tokens are what interesting. So, these tokens are what interesting. So, these tokens are what was reflected inside of that session. was reflected inside of that session. was reflected inside of that session. Obviously, like I said, this one went

[21:51] Obviously, like I said, this one went Obviously, like I said, this one went over, you know, 950K, so or whatever the over, you know, 950K, so or whatever the over, you know, 950K, so or whatever the compaction window is. I never usually compaction window is. I never usually compaction window is. I never usually let it get that high, but because this let it get that high, but because this let it get that high, but because this was a slash goal and I wasn't involved, was a slash goal and I wasn't involved, was a slash goal and I wasn't involved, this one had to compact, but the rest of this one had to compact, but the rest of this one had to compact, but the rest of them just ran in this one session. And them just ran in this one session. And them just ran in this one session. And these are the overall stats. And also, these are the overall stats. And also, these are the overall stats. And also, real quick on the Ultra Code stuff, real quick on the Ultra Code stuff, real quick on the Ultra Code stuff, guys, I don't know if you've been guys, I don't know if you've been guys, I don't know if you've been noticing this, but when I've been noticing this, but when I've been noticing this, but when I've been running Ultra Code lately, it's just running Ultra Code lately, it's just running Ultra Code lately, it's just felt weird. It's felt a little buggy. I felt weird. It's felt a little buggy. I felt weird. It's felt a little buggy. I a couple times I've ran it and been a couple times I've ran it and been a couple times I've ran it and been like, is it even running Ultra Code? It like, is it even running Ultra Code? It like, is it even running Ultra Code? It did quite a few more checks than these did quite a few more checks than these did quite a few more checks than these other ones, but for some reason it just other ones, but for some reason it just other ones, but for some reason it just didn't feel right because essentially didn't feel right because essentially didn't feel right because essentially what Ultra Code is is it's extra effort

[22:23] what Ultra Code is is it's extra effort what Ultra Code is is it's extra effort and then it's just like using more and then it's just like using more and then it's just like using more dynamic workflows in order to do things. dynamic workflows in order to do things. dynamic workflows in order to do things. And so through all my digging on the And so through all my digging on the And so through all my digging on the session logs and even when I was session logs and even when I was session logs and even when I was watching this thing build in Ultra Code, watching this thing build in Ultra Code, watching this thing build in Ultra Code, it wasn't spinning up any of these it wasn't spinning up any of these it wasn't spinning up any of these dynamic workflows. And I tried this a dynamic workflows. And I tried this a dynamic workflows. And I tried this a few times. So I don't know if that's a few times. So I don't know if that's a few times. So I don't know if that's a bug right now in the cloud code harness bug right now in the cloud code harness bug right now in the cloud code harness or if it's just with Opus 5.5, it's a or if it's just with Opus 5.5, it's a or if it's just with Opus 5.5, it's a little bit worse with Ultra Code right little bit worse with Ultra Code right little bit worse with Ultra Code right now or something. But either way, these now or something. But either way, these now or something. But either way, these are the actual bulk effort levels. And are the actual bulk effort levels. And are the actual bulk effort levels. And this all seems to make a lot of sense this all seems to make a lot of sense this all seems to make a lot of sense when you kind of look through how they when you kind of look through how they when you kind of look through how they progress. So, let's take a look at this. progress. So, let's take a look at this. progress. So, let's take a look at this. Max cost versus low. We had 12.9x on the

[22:54] Max cost versus low. We had 12.9x on the Max cost versus low. We had 12.9x on the cheapest run compared to the most cheapest run compared to the most cheapest run compared to the most expensive run, which I believe was $3.98 expensive run, which I believe was $3.98 expensive run, which I believe was $3.98 to $50.38. So, that was low and max. As to $50.38. So, that was low and max. As to $50.38. So, that was low and max. As far as max checks versus low, we had a far as max checks versus low, we had a far as max checks versus low, we had a 2.3x multiple. The total across all six 2.3x multiple. The total across all six 2.3x multiple. The total across all six was 127 bucks and Ultra Code was $18.69. was 127 bucks and Ultra Code was $18.69. was 127 bucks and Ultra Code was $18.69. Let's look at speed versus cost here. Let's look at speed versus cost here. Let's look at speed versus cost here. So, let me zoom out a little bit so we So, let me zoom out a little bit so we So, let me zoom out a little bit so we can see this whole thing. So, on the can see this whole thing. So, on the can see this whole thing. So, on the X-axis we have runtime. In the Y-axis we X-axis we have runtime. In the Y-axis we X-axis we have runtime. In the Y-axis we have cost. So, I feel like you know what have cost. So, I feel like you know what have cost. So, I feel like you know what the best would be is in the bottom left, the best would be is in the bottom left, the best would be is in the bottom left, but not really. So, anyways, you can see

[23:24] but not really. So, anyways, you can see but not really. So, anyways, you can see that low was cheap and fast, max was that low was cheap and fast, max was that low was cheap and fast, max was slow and expensive. But this sort of slow and expensive. But this sort of slow and expensive. But this sort of chart typically makes sense. As you chart typically makes sense. As you chart typically makes sense. As you increase in effort, it's going to cost increase in effort, it's going to cost increase in effort, it's going to cost more and it's going to run a little bit more and it's going to run a little bit more and it's going to run a little bit longer. That makes sense. Now, let's see longer. That makes sense. Now, let's see longer. That makes sense. Now, let's see growth relative to low. So we have growth relative to low. So we have growth relative to low. So we have runtime in blue, API cost in orange, runtime in blue, API cost in orange, runtime in blue, API cost in orange, tokens in green, and checks in yellowish tokens in green, and checks in yellowish tokens in green, and checks in yellowish gold mustard. And by the way, the reason gold mustard. And by the way, the reason gold mustard. And by the way, the reason why Ultra Code shows up like this is why Ultra Code shows up like this is why Ultra Code shows up like this is because it actually uses extra effort because it actually uses extra effort because it actually uses extra effort level. It's just incentivized and it level. It's just incentivized and it level. It's just incentivized and it uses more like dynamic workflows and uses more like dynamic workflows and uses more like dynamic workflows and things like that, which is why this, you things like that, which is why this, you things like that, which is why this, you know, this makes sense because it know, this makes sense because it

[23:54] know, this makes sense because it basically was using extra under the basically was using extra under the basically was using extra under the hood. That's also why Claude tagged it hood. That's also why Claude tagged it hood. That's also why Claude tagged it here in orange. Anyways, if we continue here in orange. Anyways, if we continue here in orange. Anyways, if we continue back down here, this typically makes back down here, this typically makes back down here, this typically makes sense, right? As the effort level sense, right? As the effort level sense, right? As the effort level increases, once again, these metrics are increases, once again, these metrics are increases, once again, these metrics are going to increase. runtime, API cost, going to increase. runtime, API cost, going to increase. runtime, API cost, tokens, and checks. Same thing here with tokens, and checks. Same thing here with tokens, and checks. Same thing here with runtime. It's just kind of giving us runtime. It's just kind of giving us runtime. It's just kind of giving us more individual line charts now for each more individual line charts now for each more individual line charts now for each of these different metrics like API of these different metrics like API of these different metrics like API cost, checks, total tokens, cost per cost, checks, total tokens, cost per cost, checks, total tokens, cost per check, and all the numbers in one spot. check, and all the numbers in one spot. check, and all the numbers in one spot. So, pretty cool data. I will say nothing So, pretty cool data. I will say nothing So, pretty cool data. I will say nothing here is too shocking. What was more here is too shocking. What was more here is too shocking. What was more shocking to me was those results. My top

[24:25] shocking to me was those results. My top shocking to me was those results. My top two contenders were high, which is this two contenders were high, which is this two contenders were high, which is this one, and extra, which is this one. So, I one, and extra, which is this one. So, I one, and extra, which is this one. So, I need to go back in here and just need to go back in here and just need to go back in here and just remember what I thought about them. I remember what I thought about them. I remember what I thought about them. I really liked this feel. This one also really liked this feel. This one also really liked this feel. This one also just feels the smoothest. The physics just feels the smoothest. The physics just feels the smoothest. The physics were nice. The sliding glass door was were nice. The sliding glass door was were nice. The sliding glass door was nice. I didn't really notice many bugs nice. I didn't really notice many bugs nice. I didn't really notice many bugs in this one, which is what I really in this one, which is what I really in this one, which is what I really liked. I can't remember if this one was liked. I can't remember if this one was liked. I can't remember if this one was one where Oh, I couldn't talk to people one where Oh, I couldn't talk to people one where Oh, I couldn't talk to people though. I could just walk right through though. I could just walk right through though. I could just walk right through them. I couldn't sit in this one either. them. I couldn't sit in this one either. them. I couldn't sit in this one either. Here is another little visual thing Here is another little visual thing Here is another little visual thing where I basically just walk right where I basically just walk right where I basically just walk right through this wall. So, don't love that. through this wall. So, don't love that. through this wall. So, don't love that. But I think was this the one where I But I think was this the one where I But I think was this the one where I could sit in these sessions? No. Okay. could sit in these sessions? No. Okay. could sit in these sessions? No. Okay. So, I don't think this was my winner

[24:55] So, I don't think this was my winner So, I don't think this was my winner then. This is extra high. I think this then. This is extra high. I think this then. This is extra high. I think this is the winner. Yeah, I think this is the is the winner. Yeah, I think this is the is the winner. Yeah, I think this is the one that I liked the most. I loved this one that I liked the most. I loved this one that I liked the most. I loved this whole vibe. I love that I could chat to whole vibe. I love that I could chat to whole vibe. I love that I could chat to people. This was definitely the one people. This was definitely the one people. This was definitely the one where we could come in here and we could where we could come in here and we could where we could come in here and we could sit wherever we wanted. Take a seat, sit wherever we wanted. Take a seat, sit wherever we wanted. Take a seat, stand up. I could read these three deals stand up. I could read these three deals stand up. I could read these three deals and I could chat with them. I also and I could chat with them. I also and I could chat with them. I also realized that there was little sections realized that there was little sections realized that there was little sections to do mock discovery calls in here, too. to do mock discovery calls in here, too. to do mock discovery calls in here, too. We have some swag and totes, which is We have some swag and totes, which is We have some swag and totes, which is real physics. I like that. This was the real physics. I like that. This was the real physics. I like that. This was the one where we could sit down everywhere. one where we could sit down everywhere. one where we could sit down everywhere. Yeah, I really, really liked this one. Yeah, I really, really liked this one. Yeah, I really, really liked this one. Although I think the one downside about Although I think the one downside about Although I think the one downside about this one was that it didn't have like a this one was that it didn't have like a this one was that it didn't have like a VIP afterparty because I think this was VIP afterparty because I think this was VIP afterparty because I think this was the lounge and I think this was the only

[25:26] the lounge and I think this was the only the lounge and I think this was the only piece of the VIP section which was these piece of the VIP section which was these piece of the VIP section which was these being the different rooms that you could being the different rooms that you could being the different rooms that you could come in and sit in. But besides that, it come in and sit in. But besides that, it come in and sit in. But besides that, it didn't have a great VIP experience didn't have a great VIP experience didn't have a great VIP experience compared to some of the other ones that compared to some of the other ones that compared to some of the other ones that we saw. So my winner here is definitely we saw. So my winner here is definitely we saw. So my winner here is definitely going to be Extra. Extra did a going to be Extra. Extra did a going to be Extra. Extra did a phenomenal job. It was about half the phenomenal job. It was about half the phenomenal job. It was about half the runtime and half the cost of Max. So runtime and half the cost of Max. So runtime and half the cost of Max. So Max, I think was just way too much for Max, I think was just way too much for Max, I think was just way too much for not enough good. I think that highs was not enough good. I think that highs was not enough good. I think that highs was decent. It could have with maybe one or decent. It could have with maybe one or decent. It could have with maybe one or two more prompts gotten to where I two more prompts gotten to where I two more prompts gotten to where I really liked it. But for a slash goal, really liked it. But for a slash goal, really liked it. But for a slash goal, extra delivered an amazing result here.

[25:57] extra delivered an amazing result here. extra delivered an amazing result here. I didn't love medium and for a lot of my I didn't love medium and for a lot of my I didn't love medium and for a lot of my knowledge work and stuff I'm doing, knowledge work and stuff I'm doing, knowledge work and stuff I'm doing, medium works just fine. But for this medium works just fine. But for this medium works just fine. But for this task specifically, I needed a lot of task specifically, I needed a lot of task specifically, I needed a lot of reasoning. It had to go through tons of reasoning. It had to go through tons of reasoning. It had to go through tons of stuff. It had to go through tons of stuff. It had to go through tons of stuff. It had to go through tons of videos. It had to find a lot of things videos. It had to find a lot of things videos. It had to find a lot of things inside of my projects. It had to create inside of my projects. It had to create inside of my projects. It had to create an experience and tell a story out of an experience and tell a story out of an experience and tell a story out of everything. I think Extra did a everything. I think Extra did a everything. I think Extra did a phenomenal job. In general though, I phenomenal job. In general though, I phenomenal job. In general though, I liked a lot of these outputs, but Extra liked a lot of these outputs, but Extra liked a lot of these outputs, but Extra is the one that I'd want to start from is the one that I'd want to start from is the one that I'd want to start from right now. If I wanted to really make right now. If I wanted to really make right now. If I wanted to really make that like a super super polished and that like a super super polished and that like a super super polished and cool app and world, I would start with cool app and world, I would start with cool app and world, I would start with Extra's output and probably keep Extra's output and probably keep Extra's output and probably keep iterating with Extra. So, anyways guys,

[26:27] iterating with Extra. So, anyways guys, iterating with Extra. So, anyways guys, that was the experiment. I hope that you that was the experiment. I hope that you that was the experiment. I hope that you found that insightful. I hope that you found that insightful. I hope that you found that insightful. I hope that you learned something new and if you did, learned something new and if you did, learned something new and if you did, please give it a like. It helps me out a please give it a like. It helps me out a please give it a like. It helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you ton. And as always, I appreciate you ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video guys making it to the end of the video guys making it to the end of the video and I'll see you on the next one. Thanks and I'll see you on the next one. Thanks and I'll see you on the next one. Thanks everyone.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=QCkHIyEPIYo
