# Transcript: I Tested Sonnet 5.5 vs Opus 5.5. What You Need to Know.

Source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eo-11K2e3c
Language: en (auto-generated) · Duration: 25:47 · Words: 17185
Other available languages: a-bn (bn) [auto], a-nl-NL (nl-NL) [auto], a-fr-FR (fr-FR) [auto], a-de-DE (de-DE) [auto], a-iw (iw) [auto], a-hi (hi) [auto], a-id (id) [auto], a-it (it) [auto], a-ja (ja) [auto], a-ko (ko) [auto], a-ml (ml) [auto], a-pl (pl) [auto], a-pt-BR (pt-BR) [auto], a-pa (pa) [auto], a-ru (ru) [auto], a-es-US (es-US) [auto], a-ta (ta) [auto], a-te (te) [auto], a-uk (uk) [auto]
To request a specific language: https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript/7eo-11K2e3c.txt?lang=LANG_CODE
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=7eo-11K2e3c

## Transcript
[0:02] Cloud Sonnet 5.5 is here and it is a Cloud Sonnet 5.5 is here and it is a clear upgrade over Claude Sonnet 5. clear upgrade over Claude Sonnet 5. clear upgrade over Claude Sonnet 5. Running 30% faster as well as costing Running 30% faster as well as costing Running 30% faster as well as costing 30% less for most work. So, I've been 30% less for most work. So, I've been 30% less for most work. So, I've been playing around with it all day on my playing around with it all day on my playing around with it all day on my actual real workflows. Things like actual real workflows. Things like actual real workflows. Things like building websites, taking a bunch of building websites, taking a bunch of building websites, taking a bunch of messy data and turning that into messy data and turning that into messy data and turning that into spreadsheets. Also, Excel sheets with spreadsheets. Also, Excel sheets with spreadsheets. Also, Excel sheets with different views as well as formulas different views as well as formulas different views as well as formulas inside of every single cell, motion inside of every single cell, motion inside of every single cell, motion design and editing videos, interactive design and editing videos, interactive design and editing videos, interactive dashboards that have real-time data dashboards that have real-time data dashboards that have real-time data syncing, project management and syncing, project management and syncing, project management and planning, and so many other things as planning, and so many other things as planning, and so many other things as well. But specifically, I've been well. But specifically, I've been well. But specifically, I've been testing Son of 5.5 against Opus 5.5, so testing Son of 5.5 against Opus 5.5, so testing Son of 5.5 against Opus 5.5, so you know exactly when you should be

[0:32] you know exactly when you should be you know exactly when you should be using which model. Now, in all these using which model. Now, in all these using which model. Now, in all these comparisons, I'll go over how fast they comparisons, I'll go over how fast they comparisons, I'll go over how fast they are, the input and output tokens, and are, the input and output tokens, and are, the input and output tokens, and how much they actually cost you in how much they actually cost you in how much they actually cost you in dollars. So, let's not waste any time dollars. So, let's not waste any time dollars. So, let's not waste any time and just get straight into this one. and just get straight into this one. and just get straight into this one. Okay, so before we jump into all of the Okay, so before we jump into all of the Okay, so before we jump into all of the different demos, I just wanted to lay a different demos, I just wanted to lay a different demos, I just wanted to lay a foundation here, which is how much does foundation here, which is how much does foundation here, which is how much does Sonnet 5.5 actually cost versus Opus Sonnet 5.5 actually cost versus Opus Sonnet 5.5 actually cost versus Opus 5.5? The answer is roughly half. So here 5.5? The answer is roughly half. So here 5.5? The answer is roughly half. So here you can see Sonnet 5.5 is $2 per million you can see Sonnet 5.5 is $2 per million you can see Sonnet 5.5 is $2 per million input tokens whereas Opus is four and input tokens whereas Opus is four and input tokens whereas Opus is four and Sonnet is $10 for the million output Sonnet is $10 for the million output Sonnet is $10 for the million output tokens whereas Opus 5.5 is 20. So Opus tokens whereas Opus 5.5 is 20. So Opus tokens whereas Opus 5.5 is 20. So Opus is roughly double the cost of Sonnet

[1:02] is roughly double the cost of Sonnet is roughly double the cost of Sonnet 5.5. So we're here to see if Opus is 5.5. So we're here to see if Opus is 5.5. So we're here to see if Opus is double the quality of Sonet 5.5 and double the quality of Sonet 5.5 and double the quality of Sonet 5.5 and where to use each model because Claude where to use each model because Claude where to use each model because Claude actually came out themselves and dropped actually came out themselves and dropped actually came out themselves and dropped this little guide that said, "Hey, this little guide that said, "Hey, this little guide that said, "Hey, here's when you should use each model. here's when you should use each model. here's when you should use each model. If you have something well scoped for If you have something well scoped for If you have something well scoped for everyday coding, fixing bugs, sonnet it everyday coding, fixing bugs, sonnet it everyday coding, fixing bugs, sonnet it high volume everyday development, high volume everyday development, high volume everyday development, sonnet. polished documents, slides, sonnet. polished documents, slides, sonnet. polished documents, slides, spreadsheets, one pagers, sonnet. You spreadsheets, one pagers, sonnet. You spreadsheets, one pagers, sonnet. You should basically be using Opus if it's should basically be using Opus if it's should basically be using Opus if it's complex work requiring careful judgment, complex work requiring careful judgment, complex work requiring careful judgment, including long horizon, agentic coding, including long horizon, agentic coding, including long horizon, agentic coding, and knowledge work. And for your hardest and knowledge work. And for your hardest and knowledge work. And for your hardest problems where you need the most problems where you need the most problems where you need the most intelligence, opus 5.5. I really like

[1:33] intelligence, opus 5.5. I really like intelligence, opus 5.5. I really like this section down here. Sonnet 5.5 fits this section down here. Sonnet 5.5 fits this section down here. Sonnet 5.5 fits best when the task has a clear spec and best when the task has a clear spec and best when the task has a clear spec and a way to check the result. And so, the a way to check the result. And so, the a way to check the result. And so, the way that I interpret this is basically way that I interpret this is basically way that I interpret this is basically if you have a task with an objective if you have a task with an objective if you have a task with an objective definition of done, then try that out definition of done, then try that out definition of done, then try that out with Sonnet 5.5 first. If you need some with Sonnet 5.5 first. If you need some with Sonnet 5.5 first. If you need some more creativity and you're looking for a more creativity and you're looking for a more creativity and you're looking for a thought partner to help you decide what thought partner to help you decide what thought partner to help you decide what the definition of done is and it's a bit the definition of done is and it's a bit the definition of done is and it's a bit more subjective, then that's where I more subjective, then that's where I more subjective, then that's where I would use opus as my model of choice for would use opus as my model of choice for would use opus as my model of choice for that task. And then what I'd do is I'd that task. And then what I'd do is I'd that task. And then what I'd do is I'd run different skills with different run different skills with different run different skills with different models and I'd see, okay, for this models and I'd see, okay, for this models and I'd see, okay, for this skill, Sonnet does better. For this skill, Sonnet does better. For this skill, Sonnet does better. For this skill, Opus does better. So in the

[2:03] skill, Opus does better. So in the skill, Opus does better. So in the future when I want to run this skill future when I want to run this skill future when I want to run this skill again, I know which model to use. again, I know which model to use. again, I know which model to use. Anyways, you guys know the drill here. I Anyways, you guys know the drill here. I Anyways, you guys know the drill here. I gave all of these different sessions the gave all of these different sessions the gave all of these different sessions the exact same prompt. And now we will be exact same prompt. And now we will be exact same prompt. And now we will be reviewing the results. I did Sonnet 5.5 reviewing the results. I did Sonnet 5.5 reviewing the results. I did Sonnet 5.5 and Opus 5.5 both on high. When it comes and Opus 5.5 both on high. When it comes and Opus 5.5 both on high. When it comes to the actual effort level, they both to the actual effort level, they both to the actual effort level, they both used high. So the first thing was used high. So the first thing was used high. So the first thing was building a engaging and immersive but building a engaging and immersive but building a engaging and immersive but high converting landing page for perk high converting landing page for perk high converting landing page for perk form. And I said that they could use form. And I said that they could use form. And I said that they could use key.ai to generate anything they need. key.ai to generate anything they need. key.ai to generate anything they need. And you can see I had to correct it And you can see I had to correct it And you can see I had to correct it key.ai, not G.AI. So I should actually

[2:33] key.ai, not G.AI. So I should actually key.ai, not G.AI. So I should actually probably add that as a misspelling probably add that as a misspelling probably add that as a misspelling inside of my glido to correct this to inside of my glido to correct this to inside of my glido to correct this to key. Okay, cool. All right, so let's key. Okay, cool. All right, so let's key. Okay, cool. All right, so let's take a look at these two outputs. I'm take a look at these two outputs. I'm take a look at these two outputs. I'm not going to tell you which one was not going to tell you which one was not going to tell you which one was which until the end. I really like how which until the end. I really like how which until the end. I really like how when this one loads up, we have that when this one loads up, we have that when this one loads up, we have that text come in. Really cool. We can see text come in. Really cool. We can see text come in. Really cool. We can see that this can is interactive. It syncs that this can is interactive. It syncs that this can is interactive. It syncs to what my mouse is doing. Right off the to what my mouse is doing. Right off the to what my mouse is doing. Right off the bat, I noticed that this can is kind of bat, I noticed that this can is kind of bat, I noticed that this can is kind of a 3D rendering. So, it's not actually a 3D rendering. So, it's not actually a 3D rendering. So, it's not actually the exact can like pixel for pixel the the exact can like pixel for pixel the the exact can like pixel for pixel the way it should be. So, it had to kind of way it should be. So, it had to kind of way it should be. So, it had to kind of invent that. I don't love that. But, I invent that. I don't love that. But, I invent that. I don't love that. But, I do like the effect that it gave for us.

[3:03] do like the effect that it gave for us. do like the effect that it gave for us. I also like how in the back you can see I also like how in the back you can see I also like how in the back you can see Oh, wow. Actually, if I click and drag Oh, wow. Actually, if I click and drag Oh, wow. Actually, if I click and drag it like scrolls the can, but you can see it like scrolls the can, but you can see it like scrolls the can, but you can see in the background we can see like perk in the background we can see like perk in the background we can see like perk form. We can see text in the back, which form. We can see text in the back, which form. We can see text in the back, which I thought was pretty cool. Anyways, I thought was pretty cool. Anyways, I thought was pretty cool. Anyways, let's go ahead and scroll down. We can let's go ahead and scroll down. We can let's go ahead and scroll down. We can see the different flavors here. We can see the different flavors here. We can see the different flavors here. We can actually switch right from the hero actually switch right from the hero actually switch right from the hero section, which is pretty neat. As we section, which is pretty neat. As we section, which is pretty neat. As we scroll down, we get the can flooding scroll down, we get the can flooding scroll down, we get the can flooding away. And then we have two drinks, away. And then we have two drinks, away. And then we have two drinks, coffee, and protein coming into one, coffee, and protein coming into one, coffee, and protein coming into one, which gives us our one can, which is our which gives us our one can, which is our which gives us our one can, which is our perk form. We can see we scroll down perk form. We can see we scroll down perk form. We can see we scroll down into a little section where we have a into a little section where we have a into a little section where we have a gym bag, phone, keys, and as we scroll,

[3:35] gym bag, phone, keys, and as we scroll, gym bag, phone, keys, and as we scroll, we have the time going up, and now we we have the time going up, and now we we have the time going up, and now we grab our perk form. We have a little grab our perk form. We have a little grab our perk form. We have a little flavor section. So, we have the three flavor section. So, we have the three flavor section. So, we have the three different flavors. I'm able to see that different flavors. I'm able to see that different flavors. I'm able to see that I can click between them here. So, we I can click between them here. So, we I can click between them here. So, we have our salted caramel, we have our have our salted caramel, we have our have our salted caramel, we have our vanilla latte, we have our bold mocha. vanilla latte, we have our bold mocha. vanilla latte, we have our bold mocha. It's sort of starting to tell a little It's sort of starting to tell a little It's sort of starting to tell a little bit of a story here. And then that is bit of a story here. And then that is bit of a story here. And then that is basically the end. And we have these basically the end. And we have these basically the end. And we have these three dynamic cans coming back into three dynamic cans coming back into three dynamic cans coming back into view. Okay. So, that was one output. view. Okay. So, that was one output. view. Okay. So, that was one output. Here is the other one. So, right off the Here is the other one. So, right off the Here is the other one. So, right off the bat, this one isn't as like boom right bat, this one isn't as like boom right bat, this one isn't as like boom right in your face. It's not as much wow in your face. It's not as much wow in your face. It's not as much wow factor, I'd say. We do have sort of an factor, I'd say. We do have sort of an factor, I'd say. We do have sort of an element where it's syncing to the mouse. element where it's syncing to the mouse. element where it's syncing to the mouse. You can see as I'm moving, you can see

[4:05] You can see as I'm moving, you can see You can see as I'm moving, you can see these are on different layers. Also, the these are on different layers. Also, the these are on different layers. Also, the key is on a different layer over here. key is on a different layer over here. key is on a different layer over here. And I think that honestly this looks a And I think that honestly this looks a And I think that honestly this looks a little bit cheaper when we look at just little bit cheaper when we look at just little bit cheaper when we look at just kind of like the hero section. But as we kind of like the hero section. But as we kind of like the hero section. But as we scroll, we can see that those other two scroll, we can see that those other two scroll, we can see that those other two drinks kind of come down here. It's drinks kind of come down here. It's drinks kind of come down here. It's doing a similar style where we're like doing a similar style where we're like doing a similar style where we're like scrolling through a time. And I don't scrolling through a time. And I don't scrolling through a time. And I don't love this one as much. It's kind of love this one as much. It's kind of love this one as much. It's kind of making all of your eyes and all of your making all of your eyes and all of your making all of your eyes and all of your attention go to one spot. So it's attention go to one spot. So it's attention go to one spot. So it's definitely telling a different style of definitely telling a different style of definitely telling a different style of story here. Even though all the branding story here. Even though all the branding story here. Even though all the branding and everything else is consistent, this and everything else is consistent, this and everything else is consistent, this is using the actual real generated image is using the actual real generated image is using the actual real generated image inside of the brand guidelines for the

[4:35] inside of the brand guidelines for the inside of the brand guidelines for the product. So, that is better that it gave product. So, that is better that it gave product. So, that is better that it gave us the actual um I guess image in a real us the actual um I guess image in a real us the actual um I guess image in a real way rather than back here if you guys way rather than back here if you guys way rather than back here if you guys remember it was like a generated remember it was like a generated remember it was like a generated version. Here's a cool little animation version. Here's a cool little animation version. Here's a cool little animation here. We zoom into that image. All of here. We zoom into that image. All of here. We zoom into that image. All of these were different independently these were different independently these were different independently generated images. I think that this generated images. I think that this generated images. I think that this looks really nice. Ultimately, this is looks really nice. Ultimately, this is looks really nice. Ultimately, this is the better output in my mind. The one the better output in my mind. The one the better output in my mind. The one thing I don't like as much is this thing I don't like as much is this thing I don't like as much is this section. I think that this version tells section. I think that this version tells section. I think that this version tells a little bit of a better story, but a little bit of a better story, but a little bit of a better story, but ultimately this is the better output. ultimately this is the better output. ultimately this is the better output. Even though I don't like the hero Even though I don't like the hero Even though I don't like the hero section as much, this is the better

[5:06] section as much, this is the better section as much, this is the better output. So, this one was Opus 5.5 and output. So, this one was Opus 5.5 and output. So, this one was Opus 5.5 and this one was Sonet. I think Sonic killed this one was Sonet. I think Sonic killed this one was Sonet. I think Sonic killed the hero section. If this would have the hero section. If this would have the hero section. If this would have been a real CAN and then Opus 5.5 missed been a real CAN and then Opus 5.5 missed been a real CAN and then Opus 5.5 missed that, but everything else of Opus' that, but everything else of Opus' that, but everything else of Opus' version I think was better. So, if we version I think was better. So, if we version I think was better. So, if we look at the stats here, we can see that look at the stats here, we can see that look at the stats here, we can see that Sonnet ran for 28 minutes whereas Opus Sonnet ran for 28 minutes whereas Opus Sonnet ran for 28 minutes whereas Opus ran for 52 minutes. Sonnet cost 20 ran for 52 minutes. Sonnet cost 20 ran for 52 minutes. Sonnet cost 20 million input tokens, 134K output million input tokens, 134K output million input tokens, 134K output tokens. Opus was 37 million and 148k tokens. Opus was 37 million and 148k tokens. Opus was 37 million and 148k output. and Opus cost about double here. output. and Opus cost about double here. output. and Opus cost about double here. So Opus ran for about twice as long and

[5:36] So Opus ran for about twice as long and So Opus ran for about twice as long and cost about twice as much, which is cost about twice as much, which is cost about twice as much, which is pretty consistent with what we saw when pretty consistent with what we saw when pretty consistent with what we saw when we actually look at the pricing. The we actually look at the pricing. The we actually look at the pricing. The question to me now would be, is Opus' question to me now would be, is Opus' question to me now would be, is Opus' output two times better? I would say no. output two times better? I would say no. output two times better? I would say no. So ultimately, what I would probably So ultimately, what I would probably So ultimately, what I would probably want to do here is I would reprompt want to do here is I would reprompt want to do here is I would reprompt Sonnet and say, "Hey, this is really Sonnet and say, "Hey, this is really Sonnet and say, "Hey, this is really good, but don't use like this fake good, but don't use like this fake good, but don't use like this fake image. Use our actual real images." And image. Use our actual real images." And image. Use our actual real images." And I bet that it could swap everything out. I bet that it could swap everything out. I bet that it could swap everything out. And then I bet that it could give us the And then I bet that it could give us the And then I bet that it could give us the level of output we were looking for with level of output we were looking for with level of output we were looking for with a real can and it wouldn't have costed a real can and it wouldn't have costed a real can and it wouldn't have costed us $13. So ultimately that's why I think

[6:06] us $13. So ultimately that's why I think us $13. So ultimately that's why I think that we need to give this run, we give that we need to give this run, we give that we need to give this run, we give the win here to Sonnet. But either way, the win here to Sonnet. But either way, the win here to Sonnet. But either way, this stuff is subjective. So take it as this stuff is subjective. So take it as this stuff is subjective. So take it as you will. But that is what we're going you will. But that is what we're going you will. But that is what we're going to do right now is I'm going to give to do right now is I'm going to give to do right now is I'm going to give this first output to Sonnet. And in my this first output to Sonnet. And in my this first output to Sonnet. And in my latest videos, you guys have been saying latest videos, you guys have been saying latest videos, you guys have been saying like, "Oh, please can you use the like, "Oh, please can you use the like, "Oh, please can you use the subscription um usage instead of the API subscription um usage instead of the API subscription um usage instead of the API billing?" No, I think this is a better billing?" No, I think this is a better billing?" No, I think this is a better way to show the actual cost. These costs way to show the actual cost. These costs way to show the actual cost. These costs are very much correlated to your are very much correlated to your are very much correlated to your subscription. So, just think about it subscription. So, just think about it subscription. So, just think about it like that. But the reason I'm not going like that. But the reason I'm not going like that. But the reason I'm not going to do subscription is because I don't to do subscription is because I don't to do subscription is because I don't know if you're on the 20 bucks a month know if you're on the 20 bucks a month know if you're on the 20 bucks a month plan or the 200 bucks a month plan. I

[6:36] plan or the 200 bucks a month plan. I plan or the 200 bucks a month plan. I also like to run all of these in also like to run all of these in also like to run all of these in parallel and I don't want to like sit parallel and I don't want to like sit parallel and I don't want to like sit and wait 52 minutes and then jot down and wait 52 minutes and then jot down and wait 52 minutes and then jot down what percent it was and then do this one what percent it was and then do this one what percent it was and then do this one for 28 minutes and then jot like, you for 28 minutes and then jot like, you for 28 minutes and then jot like, you know, I'm just gonna run this in know, I'm just gonna run this in know, I'm just gonna run this in parallel. Anyways, let's move on to parallel. Anyways, let's move on to parallel. Anyways, let's move on to number two. Real quick, guys, I've got number two. Real quick, guys, I've got number two. Real quick, guys, I've got this completely free website design this completely free website design this completely free website design skill that I'm giving away. I use this skill that I'm giving away. I use this skill that I'm giving away. I use this for every single website that I build, for every single website that I build, for every single website that I build, including our AI Automation Society including our AI Automation Society including our AI Automation Society site, which I think is pretty slick, and site, which I think is pretty slick, and site, which I think is pretty slick, and I absolutely love this website. It's I absolutely love this website. It's I absolutely love this website. It's called ScrollCraft, and it understands called ScrollCraft, and it understands called ScrollCraft, and it understands things like scroll driven animations, things like scroll driven animations, things like scroll driven animations, and layering, but also it has things in and layering, but also it has things in and layering, but also it has things in there like taste, typography, spacing,

[7:06] there like taste, typography, spacing, there like taste, typography, spacing, depth. It's just a really good website depth. It's just a really good website depth. It's just a really good website design skill in general, and it's design skill in general, and it's design skill in general, and it's completely free. So, the link for this completely free. So, the link for this completely free. So, the link for this will be down in the description, but will be down in the description, but will be down in the description, but let's get back to the video. All right, let's get back to the video. All right, let's get back to the video. All right, for number two, what I did is I said, for number two, what I did is I said, for number two, what I did is I said, "Hey, I need you to make me a motion "Hey, I need you to make me a motion "Hey, I need you to make me a motion showre skill about glido." and you do showre skill about glido." and you do showre skill about glido." and you do the research, make sure that all of this the research, make sure that all of this the research, make sure that all of this is consistent in branding, typography, is consistent in branding, typography, is consistent in branding, typography, you know, all of this kind of stuff. You you know, all of this kind of stuff. You you know, all of this kind of stuff. You are the motion designer here. So, just are the motion designer here. So, just are the motion designer here. So, just impress me. So, let's first look at impress me. So, let's first look at impress me. So, let's first look at Sonnet's output. Sonnet's output. Sonnet's output. Refactor this function to use uh async Refactor this function to use uh async Refactor this function to use uh async await instead of promises.

[7:37] await instead of promises. await instead of promises. I will fold those into the next I will fold those into the next I will fold those into the next revision. Reply saying it looks good and revision. Reply saying it looks good and revision. Reply saying it looks good and we can start next week. we can start next week. we can start next week. We try logic to the API client. Okay, really not bad at all. I thought Okay, really not bad at all. I thought there was a lot of creativity here where there was a lot of creativity here where there was a lot of creativity here where it's kind of showing off what the it's kind of showing off what the it's kind of showing off what the product actually looks like when you use product actually looks like when you use product actually looks like when you use it, which I thought was really nice. The

[8:08] it, which I thought was really nice. The it, which I thought was really nice. The voice over that it did, it generated voice over that it did, it generated voice over that it did, it generated that with maybe 11 Labs or something. I that with maybe 11 Labs or something. I that with maybe 11 Labs or something. I also really liked how these pixels here also really liked how these pixels here also really liked how these pixels here formed a G and that actually turned into formed a G and that actually turned into formed a G and that actually turned into an AI generated video that it made. So, an AI generated video that it made. So, an AI generated video that it made. So, I thought that was pretty nice. Overall, I thought that was pretty nice. Overall, I thought that was pretty nice. Overall, I was honestly not expecting a Sonnet I was honestly not expecting a Sonnet I was honestly not expecting a Sonnet model to do this good with this motion model to do this good with this motion model to do this good with this motion show reel. Now, let's go take a look at show reel. Now, let's go take a look at show reel. Now, let's go take a look at Opus' output. Opus' output. Opus' output. Refactor this function to use async Refactor this function to use async Refactor this function to use async await instead of promises.

[9:00] Okay. I mean, I don't think you can beat Okay. I mean, I don't think you can beat that. Opus 5.5 is just so good as of now that. Opus 5.5 is just so good as of now that. Opus 5.5 is just so good as of now at motion design. It just felt more at motion design. It just felt more at motion design. It just felt more glido. the background, the different glido. the background, the different glido. the background, the different animations it made, it just felt like animations it made, it just felt like animations it made, it just felt like even the copy was better. It also went even the copy was better. It also went even the copy was better. It also went to our website and pulled this quote to our website and pulled this quote to our website and pulled this quote from me that was on the site, which was from me that was on the site, which was from me that was on the site, which was very fast. But right here, this was very fast. But right here, this was very fast. But right here, this was actually the quote from the website. So actually the quote from the website. So actually the quote from the website. So ultimately, this output much better from ultimately, this output much better from ultimately, this output much better from Opus. Now, when we look at the cost Opus. Now, when we look at the cost Opus. Now, when we look at the cost here, Opus was faster and it was also here, Opus was faster and it was also here, Opus was faster and it was also less output tokens, but ultimately it less output tokens, but ultimately it less output tokens, but ultimately it was more expensive. So, Sonnet was

[9:31] was more expensive. So, Sonnet was was more expensive. So, Sonnet was $14.37 whereas Opus was $2055. $14.37 whereas Opus was $2055. $14.37 whereas Opus was $2055. I think though we're gonna give this one I think though we're gonna give this one I think though we're gonna give this one to Opus. If I'm still looking through to Opus. If I'm still looking through to Opus. If I'm still looking through the lens of if we had Sonnet try again the lens of if we had Sonnet try again the lens of if we had Sonnet try again to get up to $20.5, to get up to $20.5, to get up to $20.5, I still think Opus' would be a better I still think Opus' would be a better I still think Opus' would be a better output. It just had a better taste with output. It just had a better taste with output. It just had a better taste with like motion and the sound design. And like motion and the sound design. And like motion and the sound design. And sound design is something that I think sound design is something that I think sound design is something that I think is really hard to get right even as a is really hard to get right even as a is really hard to get right even as a human sometimes. And the fact that Opus human sometimes. And the fact that Opus human sometimes. And the fact that Opus is doing this so consistently, very is doing this so consistently, very is doing this so consistently, very good. So, I'm giving this one to Opus. good. So, I'm giving this one to Opus. good. So, I'm giving this one to Opus. Okay, so for number three, I said very, Okay, so for number three, I said very, Okay, so for number three, I said very, very vague. create me a researchbacked

[10:02] very vague. create me a researchbacked very vague. create me a researchbacked 90-day action plan for getting how they 90-day action plan for getting how they 90-day action plan for getting how they AI to a thousand subscribers. So, let's AI to a thousand subscribers. So, let's AI to a thousand subscribers. So, let's go first take a look at Sonnet's output. go first take a look at Sonnet's output. go first take a look at Sonnet's output. Okay, so one thing to call out here is Okay, so one thing to call out here is Okay, so one thing to call out here is both of these models originally when I both of these models originally when I both of these models originally when I shot off that prompt, they just gave me shot off that prompt, they just gave me shot off that prompt, they just gave me a markdown file. And then for both of a markdown file. And then for both of a markdown file. And then for both of them, I gave them the exact same second them, I gave them the exact same second them, I gave them the exact same second prompt, which was turn that into some prompt, which was turn that into some prompt, which was turn that into some sort of document that I can view that's sort of document that I can view that's sort of document that I can view that's easier for me to read. And this is easier for me to read. And this is easier for me to read. And this is Sonnet's version. It created me an HTML Sonnet's version. It created me an HTML Sonnet's version. It created me an HTML file and it gave it to me locally. And file and it gave it to me locally. And file and it gave it to me locally. And then Opus did the same thing except for then Opus did the same thing except for then Opus did the same thing except for it put it as a clawed artifact. So, it put it as a clawed artifact. So, it put it as a clawed artifact. So, that's one little tiny difference, but that's one little tiny difference, but that's one little tiny difference, but besides that, this is Sonnet's output.

[10:32] besides that, this is Sonnet's output. besides that, this is Sonnet's output. Let's see. 1,000 subscribers in 90 days. Let's see. 1,000 subscribers in 90 days. Let's see. 1,000 subscribers in 90 days. It also threw our logo up here, AIS It also threw our logo up here, AIS It also threw our logo up here, AIS Media, September 28th. We have day one Media, September 28th. We have day one Media, September 28th. We have day one launch as well as the day 90 goal. It's launch as well as the day 90 goal. It's launch as well as the day 90 goal. It's interesting that it chose to launch this interesting that it chose to launch this interesting that it chose to launch this on November 2nd rather than like next on November 2nd rather than like next on November 2nd rather than like next month or something, Q4. Anyways, we have month or something, Q4. Anyways, we have month or something, Q4. Anyways, we have a timeline here. So, we have episodes on a timeline here. So, we have episodes on a timeline here. So, we have episodes on the bottom. We have subscriber gates and the bottom. We have subscriber gates and the bottom. We have subscriber gates and getting to a,000 by day 90. We can see getting to a,000 by day 90. We can see getting to a,000 by day 90. We can see that we have some other things here like that we have some other things here like that we have some other things here like promotions. Test send full list full promotions. Test send full list full promotions. Test send full list full list. We have Nate promotion sends out

[11:02] list. We have Nate promotion sends out list. We have Nate promotion sends out six of them. Community posts five of six of them. Community posts five of six of them. Community posts five of them. 500 subs. Holidays locked. them. 500 subs. Holidays locked. them. 500 subs. Holidays locked. Interesting. We have different phases. Interesting. We have different phases. Interesting. We have different phases. So what to do from October to November So what to do from October to November So what to do from October to November and then two weeks on launch and then a and then two weeks on launch and then a and then two weeks on launch and then a month in the next stage and then month in the next stage and then month in the next stage and then compounding. So it's showing us the compounding. So it's showing us the compounding. So it's showing us the different sort of milestones to hit in different sort of milestones to hit in different sort of milestones to hit in these different phases. It's showing us these different phases. It's showing us these different phases. It's showing us the different sources that we can get the different sources that we can get the different sources that we can get subscribers from. None of this is subscribers from. None of this is subscribers from. None of this is interactive. doesn't look like. It's interactive. doesn't look like. It's interactive. doesn't look like. It's just showing us what this could look just showing us what this could look just showing us what this could look like. We can also see that we got some like. We can also see that we got some like. We can also see that we got some scroll animations coming in there, which scroll animations coming in there, which scroll animations coming in there, which I thought was a nice touch. As you can I thought was a nice touch. As you can I thought was a nice touch. As you can see, the text comes in. It's also see, the text comes in. It's also see, the text comes in. It's also looking at shorts and LinkedIn and guest

[11:32] looking at shorts and LinkedIn and guest looking at shorts and LinkedIn and guest kit and scorecards and other decisions kit and scorecards and other decisions kit and scorecards and other decisions like that. Okay, so this is good. I like that. Okay, so this is good. I like that. Okay, so this is good. I wouldn't say that this is like super wouldn't say that this is like super wouldn't say that this is like super super helpful for me at the moment, but super helpful for me at the moment, but super helpful for me at the moment, but not too bad. And here we have the not too bad. And here we have the not too bad. And here we have the version with also scroll animations from version with also scroll animations from version with also scroll animations from Opus as a cloud artifact. This one chose Opus as a cloud artifact. This one chose Opus as a cloud artifact. This one chose to start October 1st to December 29th. to start October 1st to December 29th. to start October 1st to December 29th. So, it's actually like a Q4 90-day So, it's actually like a Q4 90-day So, it's actually like a Q4 90-day sprint, which I think is a bit more sprint, which I think is a bit more sprint, which I think is a bit more aligned based on like what's going on in aligned based on like what's going on in aligned based on like what's going on in our business right now. So, now we have our business right now. So, now we have our business right now. So, now we have the 90 days. This one gave us a little the 90 days. This one gave us a little the 90 days. This one gave us a little bit of a different sort of view, which I bit of a different sort of view, which I bit of a different sort of view, which I actually like better. I'd say we can see

[12:02] actually like better. I'd say we can see actually like better. I'd say we can see when we're going to launch. And from now when we're going to launch. And from now when we're going to launch. And from now until launch, we'd be kind of setting up until launch, we'd be kind of setting up until launch, we'd be kind of setting up auditions and we'd be doing guest auditions and we'd be doing guest auditions and we'd be doing guest applications and we'd be, you know, applications and we'd be, you know, applications and we'd be, you know, announcing all of this kind of stuff, announcing all of this kind of stuff, announcing all of this kind of stuff, recording these episodes. we'd be recording these episodes. we'd be recording these episodes. we'd be looking at getting out shorts and looking at getting out shorts and looking at getting out shorts and hitting the email list and community hitting the email list and community hitting the email list and community posts and all this kind of stuff. I posts and all this kind of stuff. I posts and all this kind of stuff. I think that this view is a little bit think that this view is a little bit think that this view is a little bit easier to digest than what's going on easier to digest than what's going on easier to digest than what's going on here. They're just a bit too much going here. They're just a bit too much going here. They're just a bit too much going on here and it's not as clear. Whereas on here and it's not as clear. Whereas on here and it's not as clear. Whereas this seems a little bit more clear to this seems a little bit more clear to this seems a little bit more clear to me. We have different phases here, but me. We have different phases here, but me. We have different phases here, but this one's basically each month, which I this one's basically each month, which I this one's basically each month, which I think is better. Build, launch, think is better. Build, launch, think is better. Build, launch, compound. Same thing. Where do these

[12:32] compound. Same thing. Where do these compound. Same thing. Where do these actual subscribers come from? The list, actual subscribers come from? The list, actual subscribers come from? The list, YouTube organic, Nate's channel, things YouTube organic, Nate's channel, things YouTube organic, Nate's channel, things like that. Here are things that we like that. Here are things that we like that. Here are things that we actually need to decide on. And then we actually need to decide on. And then we actually need to decide on. And then we can open the full plan which actually can open the full plan which actually can open the full plan which actually takes us to oh wow this takes us to like takes us to oh wow this takes us to like takes us to oh wow this takes us to like an actual very specific write up with an actual very specific write up with an actual very specific write up with like tasks. So this is basically like tasks. So this is basically like tasks. So this is basically something that I could throw into my something that I could throw into my something that I could throw into my OTAA now. And we have these actual tasks OTAA now. And we have these actual tasks OTAA now. And we have these actual tasks that we can check off. Okay, I think that we can check off. Okay, I think that we can check off. Okay, I think this one's pretty clear. Opus wins this this one's pretty clear. Opus wins this this one's pretty clear. Opus wins this test. Now when we take a look at the test. Now when we take a look at the test. Now when we take a look at the stats, Opus ran for 20 minutes. Sonnet stats, Opus ran for 20 minutes. Sonnet stats, Opus ran for 20 minutes. Sonnet ran for 14. Sonnet cost a little under

[13:02] ran for 14. Sonnet cost a little under ran for 14. Sonnet cost a little under $5, whereas Opus costs a little over $9. $5, whereas Opus costs a little over $9. $5, whereas Opus costs a little over $9. So, if we had Sonnet take another stab So, if we had Sonnet take another stab So, if we had Sonnet take another stab at it, where would Sonnet be? Now, this at it, where would Sonnet be? Now, this at it, where would Sonnet be? Now, this one gets really interesting to me one gets really interesting to me one gets really interesting to me because if you think about the actual because if you think about the actual because if you think about the actual prompt, I didn't really give it prompt, I didn't really give it prompt, I didn't really give it guidelines at all. I said, "Create me a guidelines at all. I said, "Create me a guidelines at all. I said, "Create me a researchbacked 90-day action plan." That researchbacked 90-day action plan." That researchbacked 90-day action plan." That was it. And if we think about what I was it. And if we think about what I was it. And if we think about what I said earlier, if you have an objective said earlier, if you have an objective said earlier, if you have an objective definition of done, use Sonnet. If you definition of done, use Sonnet. If you definition of done, use Sonnet. If you need more creativity and you're looking need more creativity and you're looking need more creativity and you're looking for a thought partner, use Opus. And for a thought partner, use Opus. And for a thought partner, use Opus. And this is definitely an example of me this is definitely an example of me this is definitely an example of me looking for a thought partner and looking for a thought partner and looking for a thought partner and looking for a model to just take a

[13:32] looking for a model to just take a looking for a model to just take a ambitious goal or sort of a vague goal ambitious goal or sort of a vague goal ambitious goal or sort of a vague goal and just run with it. I think that if I and just run with it. I think that if I and just run with it. I think that if I would have given both of these models a would have given both of these models a would have given both of these models a very very specific prompt on here's what very very specific prompt on here's what very very specific prompt on here's what I want, here's how it should look, I want, here's how it should look, I want, here's how it should look, here's blah blah blah, I think that opus here's blah blah blah, I think that opus here's blah blah blah, I think that opus and sonnet would have given me a similar and sonnet would have given me a similar and sonnet would have given me a similar result but sonnets would have been result but sonnets would have been result but sonnets would have been cheaper. So I do really think that cheaper. So I do really think that cheaper. So I do really think that that's interesting to think about the that's interesting to think about the that's interesting to think about the way that you talk to these different way that you talk to these different way that you talk to these different large language models. But in this case large language models. But in this case large language models. But in this case I can't ignore how much better opus did I can't ignore how much better opus did I can't ignore how much better opus did with this vague prompt even with the with this vague prompt even with the with this vague prompt even with the cost. So, this one is going to go to cost. So, this one is going to go to cost. So, this one is going to go to Opus as well. So, right now we're at Opus as well. So, right now we're at Opus as well. So, right now we're at Opus is winning two to one. And really, Opus is winning two to one. And really, Opus is winning two to one. And really, guys, I'm not trying to come in here and

[14:03] guys, I'm not trying to come in here and guys, I'm not trying to come in here and say like which model is better than say like which model is better than say like which model is better than which because ultimately Opus is a which because ultimately Opus is a which because ultimately Opus is a better model, but I'm just trying to better model, but I'm just trying to better model, but I'm just trying to hopefully show you guys like now you hopefully show you guys like now you hopefully show you guys like now you might have a better idea of when to use might have a better idea of when to use might have a better idea of when to use each model and or how to use each model. each model and or how to use each model. each model and or how to use each model. So, let's hop into number four. All So, let's hop into number four. All So, let's hop into number four. All right. So, in this one, I gave them a right. So, in this one, I gave them a right. So, in this one, I gave them a bunch of company data, mock company bunch of company data, mock company bunch of company data, mock company data, and I wanted to get an Excel sheet data, and I wanted to get an Excel sheet data, and I wanted to get an Excel sheet as well as a investor pitch deck. So, as well as a investor pitch deck. So, as well as a investor pitch deck. So, we're going to do Opus first. Here is we're going to do Opus first. Here is we're going to do Opus first. Here is the deck that Opus built. It generated the deck that Opus built. It generated the deck that Opus built. It generated this image in the back. We've got 18 this image in the back. We've got 18 this image in the back. We've got 18 slides. We've got generated images here

[14:33] slides. We've got generated images here slides. We've got generated images here as well. We have the problem. We have as well. We have the problem. We have as well. We have the problem. We have the product. We have who we serve. We the product. We have who we serve. We the product. We have who we serve. We have some traction, so some statistics have some traction, so some statistics have some traction, so some statistics in here based on the mock data. We've in here based on the mock data. We've in here based on the mock data. We've got the business model, customers. Now, got the business model, customers. Now, got the business model, customers. Now, this doesn't look too bad. We've got this doesn't look too bad. We've got this doesn't look too bad. We've got visuals. We've got, you know, not too visuals. We've got, you know, not too visuals. We've got, you know, not too much going on on each slide, but I will much going on on each slide, but I will much going on on each slide, but I will say this is the infamous clawed design say this is the infamous clawed design say this is the infamous clawed design font with the Fs like that and the font with the Fs like that and the font with the Fs like that and the numbers. It doesn't look super premium numbers. It doesn't look super premium numbers. It doesn't look super premium in my mind. Like this doesn't feel as in my mind. Like this doesn't feel as in my mind. Like this doesn't feel as premium as I'd like it to, but either premium as I'd like it to, but either premium as I'd like it to, but either way, the slides aren't designed super way, the slides aren't designed super way, the slides aren't designed super super poorly or anything. So, that is

[15:03] super poorly or anything. So, that is super poorly or anything. So, that is the output. I mean, this really isn't the output. I mean, this really isn't the output. I mean, this really isn't bad at all from Opus 5.5. And then on bad at all from Opus 5.5. And then on bad at all from Opus 5.5. And then on the Excel sheet, we have a dashboard, the Excel sheet, we have a dashboard, the Excel sheet, we have a dashboard, inputs, monthly metrics, we have inputs, monthly metrics, we have inputs, monthly metrics, we have different views. The dashboard is really different views. The dashboard is really different views. The dashboard is really nice with all these stats and all of nice with all these stats and all of nice with all these stats and all of these different visualizations in here. these different visualizations in here. these different visualizations in here. We have the different inputs. We have We have the different inputs. We have We have the different inputs. We have metrics, quarterly, P&amp;L. What I really metrics, quarterly, P&amp;L. What I really metrics, quarterly, P&amp;L. What I really like is in a lot of these cells, we see like is in a lot of these cells, we see like is in a lot of these cells, we see formulas. We see formulas basically formulas. We see formulas basically formulas. We see formulas basically everywhere. Which means if we had to everywhere. Which means if we had to everywhere. Which means if we had to come in here and change up the data, the come in here and change up the data, the come in here and change up the data, the whole sheet would update. I don't like whole sheet would update. I don't like whole sheet would update. I don't like when AI models will give you a Excel when AI models will give you a Excel when AI models will give you a Excel sheet with no formulas and now you have

[15:33] sheet with no formulas and now you have sheet with no formulas and now you have to basically it's all static. It's all to basically it's all static. It's all to basically it's all static. It's all hard-coded data and if you needed to hard-coded data and if you needed to hard-coded data and if you needed to make changes, you would have to go ask make changes, you would have to go ask make changes, you would have to go ask the agent to make those changes for you. the agent to make those changes for you. the agent to make those changes for you. I hate when it does that. So, it's I hate when it does that. So, it's I hate when it does that. So, it's really good that Opus is putting I mean really good that Opus is putting I mean really good that Opus is putting I mean there's tons and tons of slides here, there's tons and tons of slides here, there's tons and tons of slides here, like a ton of slides or sheets, I guess, like a ton of slides or sheets, I guess, like a ton of slides or sheets, I guess, tabs. What I like is that they have tabs. What I like is that they have tabs. What I like is that they have formulas inside. So, it's really not bad formulas inside. So, it's really not bad formulas inside. So, it's really not bad at all from Opus. We've even got some at all from Opus. We've even got some at all from Opus. We've even got some color coding and stuff. Very good Excel color coding and stuff. Very good Excel color coding and stuff. Very good Excel sheet. This is interesting because if sheet. This is interesting because if sheet. This is interesting because if you guys remember earlier, Opus made an you guys remember earlier, Opus made an you guys remember earlier, Opus made an artifact and Sonnet didn't. But in this artifact and Sonnet didn't. But in this artifact and Sonnet didn't. But in this time, Sonnet made an artifact. So, let's

[16:03] time, Sonnet made an artifact. So, let's time, Sonnet made an artifact. So, let's see how this one's looking. This is see how this one's looking. This is see how this one's looking. This is Bright Path Analytics. We see our intro Bright Path Analytics. We see our intro Bright Path Analytics. We see our intro right there. We have I believe this is right there. We have I believe this is right there. We have I believe this is the exact same font that Opus was using. the exact same font that Opus was using. the exact same font that Opus was using. So anyways, we have um company snapshot, So anyways, we have um company snapshot, So anyways, we have um company snapshot, the problem, the product, who we serve, the problem, the product, who we serve, the problem, the product, who we serve, business model, traction. I mean, this business model, traction. I mean, this business model, traction. I mean, this is very very similar. Like there's not is very very similar. Like there's not is very very similar. Like there's not really any difference in my mind between really any difference in my mind between really any difference in my mind between the two different decks. They feel and the two different decks. They feel and the two different decks. They feel and look very very similar and sonnet look very very similar and sonnet look very very similar and sonnet actually gave us more slides. Now, let's

[16:33] actually gave us more slides. Now, let's actually gave us more slides. Now, let's open up the Excel sheet we got from open up the Excel sheet we got from open up the Excel sheet we got from Sonnet. Immediately, it doesn't look as Sonnet. Immediately, it doesn't look as Sonnet. Immediately, it doesn't look as premium, but we go into the dashboard. premium, but we go into the dashboard. premium, but we go into the dashboard. The dashboard looks just fine. We have a The dashboard looks just fine. We have a The dashboard looks just fine. We have a lot of visualizations here. monthly lot of visualizations here. monthly lot of visualizations here. monthly data. We can see that we have lots of data. We can see that we have lots of data. We can see that we have lots of formulas in these calculation cells. formulas in these calculation cells. formulas in these calculation cells. Same thing with the P&amp;L. We have some Same thing with the P&amp;L. We have some Same thing with the P&amp;L. We have some SAS metrics. We have assumptions. We SAS metrics. We have assumptions. We SAS metrics. We have assumptions. We have organic forecast. All of these are have organic forecast. All of these are have organic forecast. All of these are different lookups and formulas as well. different lookups and formulas as well. different lookups and formulas as well. Wow. Lots of different tabs here. Wow. Lots of different tabs here. Wow. Lots of different tabs here. Pipeline, customers, marketing, Pipeline, customers, marketing, Pipeline, customers, marketing, headcount. So, this one honestly might headcount. So, this one honestly might headcount. So, this one honestly might have given us like too much. I don't have given us like too much. I don't have given us like too much. I don't know. If this was real data and this was

[17:04] know. If this was real data and this was know. If this was real data and this was my real company, I'd be able to tell you my real company, I'd be able to tell you my real company, I'd be able to tell you guys better like how useful all this is. guys better like how useful all this is. guys better like how useful all this is. But ultimately, I wouldn't really be But ultimately, I wouldn't really be But ultimately, I wouldn't really be able to come in here and say that one of able to come in here and say that one of able to come in here and say that one of these outputs doing this sort of like these outputs doing this sort of like these outputs doing this sort of like document creation was significantly document creation was significantly document creation was significantly better than one of the other AI models. better than one of the other AI models. better than one of the other AI models. So, I really think in this case, So, I really think in this case, So, I really think in this case, whichever model was cheaper and faster whichever model was cheaper and faster whichever model was cheaper and faster is who I'm going to say won this round. is who I'm going to say won this round. is who I'm going to say won this round. And wow, in this case, Opus was actually And wow, in this case, Opus was actually And wow, in this case, Opus was actually cheaper and faster. So, we don't even cheaper and faster. So, we don't even cheaper and faster. So, we don't even have to discuss this one. Opus wins this have to discuss this one. Opus wins this have to discuss this one. Opus wins this one. No question. Cheaper, faster, and one. No question. Cheaper, faster, and one. No question. Cheaper, faster, and the outputs were pretty much identical

[17:35] the outputs were pretty much identical the outputs were pretty much identical in my mind. Now, what if we had some in my mind. Now, what if we had some in my mind. Now, what if we had some skills built around it? That would be skills built around it? That would be skills built around it? That would be another interesting thing to test. But another interesting thing to test. But another interesting thing to test. But in this case, I didn't utilize a skill. in this case, I didn't utilize a skill. in this case, I didn't utilize a skill. I just said, "Hey, make these things for I just said, "Hey, make these things for I just said, "Hey, make these things for me." All right. So, here's an example me." All right. So, here's an example me." All right. So, here's an example where it actually did use a skill. I where it actually did use a skill. I where it actually did use a skill. I have a skill called HTML explainer, and have a skill called HTML explainer, and have a skill called HTML explainer, and I asked it to use that skill or I didn't I asked it to use that skill or I didn't I asked it to use that skill or I didn't ask it to, but it did. Where I said, ask it to, but it did. Where I said, ask it to, but it did. Where I said, "Hey, what models could I run on my "Hey, what models could I run on my "Hey, what models could I run on my current device? I don't know anything current device? I don't know anything current device? I don't know anything about this, so make it easy to about this, so make it easy to about this, so make it easy to understand. Lots of pictures, blah, understand. Lots of pictures, blah, understand. Lots of pictures, blah, blah, blah." So, let's take a look at blah, blah." So, let's take a look at blah, blah." So, let's take a look at these outputs. All right, so this one is these outputs. All right, so this one is these outputs. All right, so this one is Opus. What AI can my PC run? You can see Opus. What AI can my PC run? You can see Opus. What AI can my PC run? You can see this is branded. It's just a super this is branded. It's just a super this is branded. It's just a super simple, you know, HTML explainer style

[18:06] simple, you know, HTML explainer style simple, you know, HTML explainer style skill that I use sometimes. So, we can skill that I use sometimes. So, we can skill that I use sometimes. So, we can see we have graphics card, memory, see we have graphics card, memory, see we have graphics card, memory, processor, storage. We see the graphics processor, storage. We see the graphics processor, storage. We see the graphics card memory versus other things, which card memory versus other things, which card memory versus other things, which is like a gaming PC at a data center is like a gaming PC at a data center is like a gaming PC at a data center chip. The 32 GB rule. The model has to chip. The 32 GB rule. The model has to chip. The 32 GB rule. The model has to fit in your graphics card. So, we fit in your graphics card. So, we fit in your graphics card. So, we probably couldn't run this 43 GB model, probably couldn't run this 43 GB model, probably couldn't run this 43 GB model, but we could run a 20 GB model. So, that but we could run a 20 GB model. So, that but we could run a 20 GB model. So, that is a nice little simple rule. We can see is a nice little simple rule. We can see is a nice little simple rule. We can see that we also have shunk copies. We have that we also have shunk copies. We have that we also have shunk copies. We have speed, so tokens per second on our speed, so tokens per second on our speed, so tokens per second on our graphics card. What to install? Everyday graphics card. What to install? Everyday graphics card. What to install? Everyday chat. It gives us a suggestion. Coding chat. It gives us a suggestion. Coding chat. It gives us a suggestion. Coding hard problems. Gemma 4 for fast replies.

[18:37] hard problems. Gemma 4 for fast replies. hard problems. Gemma 4 for fast replies. Super super cool. Too big for one PC. Super super cool. Too big for one PC. Super super cool. Too big for one PC. Start tonight. It tells us exactly what Start tonight. It tells us exactly what Start tonight. It tells us exactly what we would need to do. Okay, cool. Very we would need to do. Okay, cool. Very we would need to do. Okay, cool. Very simple. Not too bad at all. Okay. And simple. Not too bad at all. Okay. And simple. Not too bad at all. Okay. And now we have the exact same skill, exact now we have the exact same skill, exact now we have the exact same skill, exact same prompt, but this is the sonnet same prompt, but this is the sonnet same prompt, but this is the sonnet version. So, local AI models your PC can version. So, local AI models your PC can version. So, local AI models your PC can run. It actually made us a little run. It actually made us a little run. It actually made us a little visual, which I thought was cool. 32 GB, visual, which I thought was cool. 32 GB, visual, which I thought was cool. 32 GB, the number that decides what local the number that decides what local the number that decides what local means. Okay, so it starts off with what means. Okay, so it starts off with what means. Okay, so it starts off with what local means, which I don't think the local means, which I don't think the local means, which I don't think the other one did. The other one basically other one did. The other one basically other one did. The other one basically just went straight into RPC. So that's just went straight into RPC. So that's just went straight into RPC. So that's good that it did that. It broke it down good that it did that. It broke it down good that it did that. It broke it down simply with another little

[19:07] simply with another little simply with another little visualization. Three places to keep visualization. Three places to keep visualization. Three places to keep model desk, shelf, warehouse. Okay. model desk, shelf, warehouse. Okay. model desk, shelf, warehouse. Okay. Fast, slow, storage only. What fits? Fast, slow, storage only. What fits? Fast, slow, storage only. What fits? Green fits, amber crawls, red won't run. Green fits, amber crawls, red won't run. Green fits, amber crawls, red won't run. So it doesn't exactly tell me why So it doesn't exactly tell me why So it doesn't exactly tell me why because of the whole gigabytes thing, because of the whole gigabytes thing, because of the whole gigabytes thing, but it does show a nice little but it does show a nice little but it does show a nice little visualization and some other AI models. visualization and some other AI models. visualization and some other AI models. So that's not too bad. It also shows us So that's not too bad. It also shows us So that's not too bad. It also shows us speed, pick by the job, similar to the speed, pick by the job, similar to the speed, pick by the job, similar to the last one, and how to actually try one last one, and how to actually try one last one, and how to actually try one out right now. So ultimately, if we out right now. So ultimately, if we out right now. So ultimately, if we really think about how would we want to really think about how would we want to really think about how would we want to understand how this stuff works, I do understand how this stuff works, I do understand how this stuff works, I do think that Opus' output was better. Like

[19:40] think that Opus' output was better. Like think that Opus' output was better. Like this one is more visual, I'd say, but it this one is more visual, I'd say, but it this one is more visual, I'd say, but it doesn't actually explain it to me as doesn't actually explain it to me as doesn't actually explain it to me as well as the Opus one did, unfortunately. well as the Opus one did, unfortunately. well as the Opus one did, unfortunately. So I would say that Opus wins this So I would say that Opus wins this So I would say that Opus wins this output. But if we think about this cost output. But if we think about this cost output. But if we think about this cost here, similar timing, Sonnet cost half here, similar timing, Sonnet cost half here, similar timing, Sonnet cost half of what Opus cost. So, if I prompted of what Opus cost. So, if I prompted of what Opus cost. So, if I prompted Sonnet one more time and said, "Hey, I Sonnet one more time and said, "Hey, I Sonnet one more time and said, "Hey, I am still confused about this, this, and am still confused about this, this, and am still confused about this, this, and this. Can you just add some more info this. Can you just add some more info this. Can you just add some more info here?" I bet that Sonnet's output would here?" I bet that Sonnet's output would here?" I bet that Sonnet's output would be better. And I would also argue that I be better. And I would also argue that I be better. And I would also argue that I think that Sonnet's output visually is think that Sonnet's output visually is think that Sonnet's output visually is better. And that's one of the the pieces

[20:11] better. And that's one of the the pieces better. And that's one of the the pieces of this skill, which is a very, very of this skill, which is a very, very of this skill, which is a very, very simple skill. It's not refined at all, simple skill. It's not refined at all, simple skill. It's not refined at all, but ultimately, I think that if we but ultimately, I think that if we but ultimately, I think that if we prompted Sonnet again, we would get an prompted Sonnet again, we would get an prompted Sonnet again, we would get an output better than what Opus gave us for output better than what Opus gave us for output better than what Opus gave us for $3. So, I'm going to give this one to $3. So, I'm going to give this one to $3. So, I'm going to give this one to Sonnet. Okay. So, in this next one, Sonnet. Okay. So, in this next one, Sonnet. Okay. So, in this next one, number six, I said, "Scrape X for all number six, I said, "Scrape X for all number six, I said, "Scrape X for all the news that's been going on today. the news that's been going on today. the news that's been going on today. Give me an interactive dashboard so I Give me an interactive dashboard so I Give me an interactive dashboard so I can view what's going on and see what's can view what's going on and see what's can view what's going on and see what's coming out and just get prepped for all coming out and just get prepped for all coming out and just get prepped for all these different things going on in the these different things going on in the these different things going on in the AI space." So, let's take a look at AI space." So, let's take a look at AI space." So, let's take a look at Sonnet's output. This is a local host Sonnet's output. This is a local host Sonnet's output. This is a local host that it created from me. We can see that that it created from me. We can see that that it created from me. We can see that we can see when this was last scraped.

[20:43] we can see when this was last scraped. we can see when this was last scraped. We can hit refresh. We can see how many We can hit refresh. We can see how many We can hit refresh. We can see how many posts were tracked. So, 386 posts posts were tracked. So, 386 posts posts were tracked. So, 386 posts tracked from 676 scraped. We can see tracked from 676 scraped. We can see tracked from 676 scraped. We can see some headline news right up top. We can some headline news right up top. We can some headline news right up top. We can see what is trending. We can mark fits see what is trending. We can mark fits see what is trending. We can mark fits my channel or hide covered or pinned my channel or hide covered or pinned my channel or hide covered or pinned only. Okay, interesting. We can also see only. Okay, interesting. We can also see only. Okay, interesting. We can also see the heat score. So, Claude Sonet 5.5 100 the heat score. So, Claude Sonet 5.5 100 the heat score. So, Claude Sonet 5.5 100 heat metastarts meta enterprise platform heat metastarts meta enterprise platform heat metastarts meta enterprise platform 94 heat. We can maybe click into this 94 heat. We can maybe click into this 94 heat. We can maybe click into this stuff. Nope, I can just hover over. I stuff. Nope, I can just hover over. I stuff. Nope, I can just hover over. I can open details. Okay, cool. So, I can can open details. Okay, cool. So, I can can open details. Okay, cool. So, I can actually open the actual post that it's actually open the actual post that it's actually open the actual post that it's sourcing, which is pretty nice. We can

[21:14] sourcing, which is pretty nice. We can sourcing, which is pretty nice. We can mark it covered. We can add to plan. So, mark it covered. We can add to plan. So, mark it covered. We can add to plan. So, now we get this list with like a content now we get this list with like a content now we get this list with like a content plan over there. Not too bad. We can plan over there. Not too bad. We can plan over there. Not too bad. We can also sort by newest. We can sort by also sort by newest. We can sort by also sort by newest. We can sort by channel fit. We can look at the last 48 channel fit. We can look at the last 48 channel fit. We can look at the last 48 hours. We can see what's coming this hours. We can see what's coming this hours. We can see what's coming this week, dev day by OpenAI. We can see the week, dev day by OpenAI. We can see the week, dev day by OpenAI. We can see the calendar. Okay, this is not a bad view calendar. Okay, this is not a bad view calendar. Okay, this is not a bad view at all. And now here we have Opus' at all. And now here we have Opus' at all. And now here we have Opus' version, which off the bat just kind of version, which off the bat just kind of version, which off the bat just kind of looks a little bit better to me. You can looks a little bit better to me. You can looks a little bit better to me. You can see that this one's still scraping X. As see that this one's still scraping X. As see that this one's still scraping X. As you can see, it's showing us a little you can see, it's showing us a little you can see, it's showing us a little progress bar. So, it is working, but progress bar. So, it is working, but progress bar. So, it is working, but this view looks a little bit more this view looks a little bit more

[21:44] this view looks a little bit more visual. It's showing us posts per hour visual. It's showing us posts per hour visual. It's showing us posts per hour on AI. It's showing us how many posts on AI. It's showing us how many posts on AI. It's showing us how many posts are rising and cooling off. And this are rising and cooling off. And this are rising and cooling off. And this view, in my opinion, is just a little view, in my opinion, is just a little view, in my opinion, is just a little bit better. I can also switch up here bit better. I can also switch up here bit better. I can also switch up here this week. Okay, nice little view here. this week. Okay, nice little view here. this week. Okay, nice little view here. We can see content plan, so I can add We can see content plan, so I can add We can see content plan, so I can add things to my list. We can see the raw things to my list. We can see the raw things to my list. We can see the raw feed as well. So, that's pretty cool. I feed as well. So, that's pretty cool. I feed as well. So, that's pretty cool. I can see sort of a heat score as well. can see sort of a heat score as well. can see sort of a heat score as well. It's tagging things by rumor or shipped It's tagging things by rumor or shipped It's tagging things by rumor or shipped or discussion. And it's pulling up real or discussion. And it's pulling up real or discussion. And it's pulling up real posts on the side here. And let's see, posts on the side here. And let's see, posts on the side here. And let's see, how do I add something to right there? I how do I add something to right there? I how do I add something to right there? I can click add to content plan. I can

[22:14] can click add to content plan. I can can click add to content plan. I can open the top post and it goes to X. open the top post and it goes to X. open the top post and it goes to X. Okay, very cool. So, I'm really starting Okay, very cool. So, I'm really starting Okay, very cool. So, I'm really starting to understand a pattern here, which is to understand a pattern here, which is to understand a pattern here, which is what I said at the beginning. If you what I said at the beginning. If you what I said at the beginning. If you know exactly what you want, Sonnet is know exactly what you want, Sonnet is know exactly what you want, Sonnet is probably going to be able to do a good probably going to be able to do a good probably going to be able to do a good job for you. But if you need the job for you. But if you need the job for you. But if you need the creativity and you send an open-ended, creativity and you send an open-ended, creativity and you send an open-ended, very vague goal, Opus is just going to very vague goal, Opus is just going to very vague goal, Opus is just going to handle it better. And that's become handle it better. And that's become handle it better. And that's become very, very clear to me. In this case, very, very clear to me. In this case, very, very clear to me. In this case, Opus ran for about 7 minutes longer and Opus ran for about 7 minutes longer and Opus ran for about 7 minutes longer and cost $6 more. And if we iterated four cost $6 more. And if we iterated four cost $6 more. And if we iterated four more times with Sonnet, or as much as it more times with Sonnet, or as much as it more times with Sonnet, or as much as it took to get to $8 of output, but we had

[22:44] took to get to $8 of output, but we had took to get to $8 of output, but we had a clearer goal, then Sonnet would a clearer goal, then Sonnet would a clearer goal, then Sonnet would definitely give us that level of output. definitely give us that level of output. definitely give us that level of output. There's nothing in here that Sonnet There's nothing in here that Sonnet There's nothing in here that Sonnet would have not been able to code or would have not been able to code or would have not been able to code or create for us. It's just that Sonnet create for us. It's just that Sonnet create for us. It's just that Sonnet doesn't think about that as much and it doesn't think about that as much and it doesn't think about that as much and it won't go kind of like outside the box as won't go kind of like outside the box as won't go kind of like outside the box as much as Opus will to give you a better much as Opus will to give you a better much as Opus will to give you a better experience. It's basically just going to experience. It's basically just going to experience. It's basically just going to give you what it thinks you want and give you what it thinks you want and give you what it thinks you want and it's going to be the the baseline. So, it's going to be the the baseline. So, it's going to be the the baseline. So, if we're sticking with my rule here, if we're sticking with my rule here, if we're sticking with my rule here, because Sonnet was much cheaper, I'm because Sonnet was much cheaper, I'm because Sonnet was much cheaper, I'm going to give this one to Sonnet. But going to give this one to Sonnet. But going to give this one to Sonnet. But ultimately, like right now on one ultimately, like right now on one ultimately, like right now on one prompt, Opus' output was better there prompt, Opus' output was better there prompt, Opus' output was better there and there's just no denying that. So,

[23:14] and there's just no denying that. So, and there's just no denying that. So, let's go on to the last one, number let's go on to the last one, number let's go on to the last one, number seven. All right. So, in this one, I seven. All right. So, in this one, I seven. All right. So, in this one, I gave Opus and Sonnet a link to one of my gave Opus and Sonnet a link to one of my gave Opus and Sonnet a link to one of my YouTube videos and I said, "Create me a YouTube videos and I said, "Create me a YouTube videos and I said, "Create me a YouTube resource guide." So, this is YouTube resource guide." So, this is YouTube resource guide." So, this is using a skill once again. So, the skill using a skill once again. So, the skill using a skill once again. So, the skill is defining what good looks like is defining what good looks like is defining what good looks like essentially. So, let's take a look at essentially. So, let's take a look at essentially. So, let's take a look at Sonnet's output. First, we have the AIS Sonnet's output. First, we have the AIS Sonnet's output. First, we have the AIS header up top. We have this font. We header up top. We have this font. We header up top. We have this font. We have Nate Herk linking to my YouTube have Nate Herk linking to my YouTube have Nate Herk linking to my YouTube channel. It starts off with the channel. It starts off with the channel. It starts off with the challenge and the rules. It goes over challenge and the rules. It goes over challenge and the rules. It goes over the S&amp;P benchmark. It goes over the the S&amp;P benchmark. It goes over the the S&amp;P benchmark. It goes over the actual steps of how I built this. We

[23:44] actual steps of how I built this. We actual steps of how I built this. We have the problem, the solution, day one have the problem, the solution, day one have the problem, the solution, day one and day two results, day three, day and day two results, day three, day and day two results, day three, day four, day five, day six, day seven, four, day five, day six, day seven, four, day five, day six, day seven, final results, lessons learned, and we final results, lessons learned, and we final results, lessons learned, and we have key takeaways down here. They're have key takeaways down here. They're have key takeaways down here. They're pretty much the exact same length. This pretty much the exact same length. This pretty much the exact same length. This one is like seven pages, but it's really one is like seven pages, but it's really one is like seven pages, but it's really like I don't know, there's a big gap like I don't know, there's a big gap like I don't know, there's a big gap here, whereas this one, very similar. here, whereas this one, very similar. here, whereas this one, very similar. Same link, same title, same header, the Same link, same title, same header, the Same link, same title, same header, the overview, the rules, the benchmark, how overview, the rules, the benchmark, how overview, the rules, the benchmark, how the system was built, um day one, day the system was built, um day one, day the system was built, um day one, day two, final results, all this kind of two, final results, all this kind of two, final results, all this kind of stuff. It's very very similar, which is stuff. It's very very similar, which is stuff. It's very very similar, which is why this one would be essentially

[24:16] why this one would be essentially why this one would be essentially whichever one was cheaper is the one whichever one was cheaper is the one whichever one was cheaper is the one that I would go with here. In this case, that I would go with here. In this case, that I would go with here. In this case, you can see that Sonnet was cheaper and you can see that Sonnet was cheaper and you can see that Sonnet was cheaper and faster about half the speed. So twice as faster about half the speed. So twice as faster about half the speed. So twice as fast and a dollar40 fast and a dollar40 fast and a dollar40 cheaper. So this one is going to go to cheaper. So this one is going to go to cheaper. So this one is going to go to Sonnet because the outputs were not too Sonnet because the outputs were not too Sonnet because the outputs were not too different enough to actually beble to different enough to actually beble to different enough to actually beble to say, "Oh, one's really better than the say, "Oh, one's really better than the say, "Oh, one's really better than the other." And it's because in this case, I other." And it's because in this case, I other." And it's because in this case, I know we've seen some other examples know we've seen some other examples know we've seen some other examples where it didn't always match, but in where it didn't always match, but in where it didn't always match, but in this case, I had a skill that I do use a this case, I had a skill that I do use a this case, I had a skill that I do use a lot. And a model like Sonnet that's less lot. And a model like Sonnet that's less lot. And a model like Sonnet that's less intelligent than Opus was able to just intelligent than Opus was able to just intelligent than Opus was able to just follow my instructions because it knew

[24:46] follow my instructions because it knew follow my instructions because it knew what I wanted more clearly. So, this one what I wanted more clearly. So, this one what I wanted more clearly. So, this one goes to Sonnet. So, ultimately in this goes to Sonnet. So, ultimately in this goes to Sonnet. So, ultimately in this test, we had three, four go to Sonnet test, we had three, four go to Sonnet test, we had three, four go to Sonnet and three go to Opus. So, we did and three go to Opus. So, we did and three go to Opus. So, we did technically have Sonnet winning this technically have Sonnet winning this technically have Sonnet winning this challenge, but I think you guys challenge, but I think you guys challenge, but I think you guys understand this wasn't really a understand this wasn't really a understand this wasn't really a head-to-head. It was more like how and head-to-head. It was more like how and head-to-head. It was more like how and when to use each model. And here are the when to use each model. And here are the when to use each model. And here are the final stats for you guys. You can see final stats for you guys. You can see final stats for you guys. You can see across these seven sessions, Opus ran across these seven sessions, Opus ran across these seven sessions, Opus ran for about 46 minutes longer. It spent for about 46 minutes longer. It spent for about 46 minutes longer. It spent about 38 million input tokens more as about 38 million input tokens more as about 38 million input tokens more as well as actually less output tokens, well as actually less output tokens, well as actually less output tokens, which is interesting. But it did cost which is interesting. But it did cost which is interesting. But it did cost about $16 more than Sonnet 5.5 in all

[25:17] about $16 more than Sonnet 5.5 in all about $16 more than Sonnet 5.5 in all these runs, which when you think about these runs, which when you think about these runs, which when you think about the fact that it's actually double the the fact that it's actually double the the fact that it's actually double the cost of Sonnet, it didn't cost double cost of Sonnet, it didn't cost double cost of Sonnet, it didn't cost double the cost in this experiment, which is the cost in this experiment, which is the cost in this experiment, which is also interesting. I've talked a lot also interesting. I've talked a lot also interesting. I've talked a lot about how I see each of these models about how I see each of these models about how I see each of these models fitting into my workflow now. And fitting into my workflow now. And fitting into my workflow now. And hopefully you guys have a better idea of hopefully you guys have a better idea of hopefully you guys have a better idea of how this all should work for you. But how this all should work for you. But how this all should work for you. But ultimately, you got to get in there and ultimately, you got to get in there and ultimately, you got to get in there and you got to test it on your own skills you got to test it on your own skills you got to test it on your own skills and your own prompts and your own and your own prompts and your own and your own prompts and your own processes. So, that's going to do it for processes. So, that's going to do it for processes. So, that's going to do it for this one. That was my experiment today. this one. That was my experiment today. this one. That was my experiment today. I hope you guys enjoyed. I hope you I hope you guys enjoyed. I hope you I hope you guys enjoyed. I hope you learned something new. And if you did, learned something new. And if you did, learned something new. And if you did, please give it a like. It helps me out a please give it a like. It helps me out a please give it a like. It helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you ton. And as always, I appreciate you ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. guys making it to the end of the video. guys making it to the end of the video. I'll see you on the next one. Thanks,

[25:47] I'll see you on the next one. Thanks, I'll see you on the next one. Thanks, everyone.
---
Generated by https://youtube-transcript.ai — free YouTube transcript & summary extractor.
Interactive version (ask the video, AI summary, chapter outline, notes, subtitle download): https://youtube-transcript.ai/transcript?v=7eo-11K2e3c
